{"title": "My work only allows Internet Explorer, so I have to manually - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/my-work-only-allows-internet-explorer-so-i-have-to-manually/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Entertainment", "published_date": "2016-01-19T09:45:46-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Xbox One to launch in China this month after all - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/xbox-one-to-launch-in-china-this-month-after-all/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Tech", "published_date": "2016-01-19T10:45:46-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Health star ratings Kellogg reveals the cereal - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/health-star-ratings-kellogg-reveals-the-cereal/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2016-01-19T13:45:46-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "What Do I Need To Make It In Business? - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/what-do-i-need-to-make-it-in-business/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2016-01-20T00:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Wind and solar power are even more expensive than is commonly thought - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/wind-and-solar-power-are-even-more-expensive-than-is-commonly-thought/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Vogue", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Audio Tour App Detour Steers You Away from the Typical Tourist Traps - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/audio-tour-app-detour-steers-you-away-from-the-typical-tourist-traps/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "New Look 2015", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The hand rail is going a little faster than the moving sidewalk. - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-hand-rail-is-going-a-little-faster-than-the-moving-sidewalk/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Street Fashion", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Android L Will Keep Your Secrets Safer - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/android-l-will-keep-your-secrets-safer/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Vogue", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "BREAKING: Capitol Hill Shooter Identified as Right Wing Extremist - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/breaking-capitol-hill-shooter-identified-as-right-wing-extremist/", "text": "WASHINGTON DC  On Monday afternoon, an extremist carried out an attack on Capitol Hill, shooting and injuring a police officer. The man has been identified as Thomas Finnigan, a white supremacist from Maryland. He has been taken into police custody, although currently Capitol Hill, including Congress and and the White House, remain on lockdown.\nWhen the attack was carried out, Finnigan was described by eyewitnesses as trying to leave the visitors center, and advance further into either the library, Supreme Court, or even the White House.\nAll I heard was [expletive removed] Obama! [expletive removed] liberals and ISIS! Make America great again! John Burke, a college student visiting the visitors center stated to ABC News. Then we heard gun shots and were immediately instructed to leave the building.\nThomas Finnigan is a 32 year old white supremacist linked towards having a strong affinity for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on his Facebook. He grew up in a lower class family in Tennessee, and later moved to Maryland. Not much else is known about the shooter.\nIts concerning, how some of our own born-and-bred American citizens are turning into terrorists over political unrest, ABC political analyst Ana Cuddy said. While in my own opinion, I must say I take no issue with the conservatives of the United States in general, this is not the first time a Donald Trump supporter specifically has carried out violent acts towards other members of the population. It is concerning to see how the Republican party has radicalized, and I hope the United States of America can learn its lesson from the treacherous acts Trump incites in our citizens.\nUPDATE 4:00 PM EST: The lockdown has been lifted according to Capitol Police.\nUPDATE 4:37 PM EST: According to Capitol Police, no officer was shot. However, two tourists were injured by shrapnel.\nABC news will continue to bring you updated news involving the Capitol Hill shooting as information comes to light.", "section": "BREAKING", "published_date": "2016-03-28T12:55:21-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON DC \u2013 On Monday afternoon, an extremist carried out an attack on Capitol Hill, shooting and injuring a police officer. The man has been identified as Thomas Finnigan, a white supremacist from Maryland. He has been taken into police custody, although currently Capitol Hill, including Congress and and the White House, remain on lockdown."}
{"title": "My microwave is too small to fit the microwave popcorn bag - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/my-microwave-is-too-small-to-fit-the-microwave-popcorn-bag/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Donald Trump: \"I Will Pay The Legal Fees Of My Followers Who Attack Protesters\" - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/donald-trump-will-pay-the-legal-fees-followers-who-attack-protesters/", "text": "Donald Trump has broken all kinds of norms during his presidential campaign, but today he just went to a whole new level when he announced on Fox News that he will pay any legal fees occurred by his supporters who get into altercations with protesters.\nI know there has been talk of me paying the legal fees of those accused of assaulting protesters at my events and after thinking long and hard about this matter, Ive decided I want to go ahead and do that, Trump said. My followers are passionate about making this country great again and I need to support them in any way that I can. If my followers are arrested, just for being patriotic, loyal, God-fearing Americans, then I will pay their legal fees, Trump continued. I know it could get costly, but its time to take a stand against those who cannot conform to a basic set of rules, a system. And these protesters, who still live at home with their mommy and daddy, they hate America, and they hate freedom and they deserve what they get.\nToday is the first time Trump has made it official that he will indeed pay the legal fees incurred by his followers in the event of an arrest, but not the first time he has talked about the subject. In February, Trump told a crowd to knock the crap out of protesters and that I will pay for the legal fees. Then just days after canceling a rally in Chicago due to violence, Trump said he might pay the legal fees of John McGraw, 78, who sucker-punched a protester at a rally in North Carolina.\nThere used to be consequences for protesting, Trump said. Im not condoning violence, but what ever happened to the days when police were allowed to just do their job? I remember the Kent State shootings. Were police out of line doing what they did there? How can I be the one to say whats right and whats wrong? Id have to do more research on that. Honestly, Id have to look into it, it would be unfair otherwise.\nBesides the many protesters at his rallies, Trump also has them online. On March 4th the group Anonymous posted a video declaring total war on the presidential candidate. It hopes to not only bring down many of Trumps sites, but also halt his presidential bid by uncovering and exposing embarrassing information.\nWe need you to shut down his campaign and sabotage his brand, said a Guy Fawkes-masked individual in the video. Your inconsistent and hateful campaign has not only shocked the United States of America, you have shocked the entire planet with your appalling actions and ideas.\nUsing the hashtag, #OpTrump, the group is asking for help on April 1st to bring down websites that belong to Trump such as, donaldjtrump.com, trump.com, trumpchicago.com, trumphotelcollection.com, donaldtrump2016online.com and citizensfortrump.com.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News she disapproves of the Trump campaign.\nDonald Trump is bringing out the worst in the worst people. It is only a matter of time before someone gets seriously injured or killed at one of his rallies, Bradley said. Trump has made no attempt to correct his followers on their racist remarks, their bigotry or stop any of their violent outbursts, not once. If their was a Hitler playbook, it would be in Trumps back pocket.\nTrump finished by saying that he will do what it takes to stop the violence at his rallies.\nThese protesters think they can flip the bird and shout out whatever they want, and Im here to say, we wont put up with it anymore, Trump said. Remember the civil rights protesters in Selma who attacked police back in the 60s? The police held their ground on something they believed was right, something that would keep America great. And honestly I dont know exactly what happened there, Id have to look into it. You wouldnt want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about. But what happened to those days?\nWashington political analyst, Paul Horner, told ABC News that the problem with the violence generated by Trumps supporters starts with Trump himself.\nThis hate and ignorance has always been there, Donald Trump just gave it a place to gather and unite, Horner said. With four bankruptcies, three wives, despises minorities and the gay community, believes every religion is wrong except his own; Donald Trump is the perfect Republican candidate for President.\nTrumps campaign has set up a hotline for any of his followers who incur legal charges in the event of an arrest at (785) 273-0325.\nThis is sick! This man is horrible and his supporters are horrible! This is just one more reason not to vote for Trump\nGo collect your check Nancy.\nIm gonna get me some protesters and beat the shit out of em! Trump 2016!!\nI like Trump, but I dont know about all this violence", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-03-17T07:05:59-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Donald Trump has broken all kinds of norms during his presidential campaign, but today he just went to a whole new level when he announced on Fox News that he will pay any legal fees occurred by his supporters who get into altercations with protesters."}
{"title": "Creative decorating with houseplants, from floor to ceiling - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/creative-decorating-with-houseplants-from-floor-to-ceiling/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Donald Trump Tweets Image Of His Penis - WARNING: Graphic Content - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/donald-trump-tweets-penis/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  Donald Trump has broken all kinds of norms during his presidential campaign, but he just went to a whole new level this morning by tweeting what is supposedly an image of his private-parts. The tweet was quickly deleted but not before being retweeted over 5,000 times.\nThe tweet comes in response to comments made by Marco Rubio and others about the size of Donald Trumps hands.\nLook at those hands, are they small hands? Trump told the audience at his rally in Detroit back in March. And he [Rubio] referred to my hands, if theyre small something else must be small. I guarantee you theres no problem, I guarantee it.\nHes always calling me Little Marco. And Ill admit hes taller than me, Rubio told ABC News. Hes like 62, which is why I dont understand why his hands are the size of someone who is 52, Rubio said in Virginia on Sunday. And you know what they say about men with small hands? You cant trust them.\nThe New York billionaire has heard similar comments about his hands or, more precisely, his fingers, for years.\nAs Vanity Fairs Graydon Carter recalled online last year: Just to drive him a little bit crazy, I took to referring to him as a short-fingered vulgarian in the pages of Spy magazine. That was more than a quarter of a century ago.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she isnt surprised by Trumps actions.\nDonald Trump is an ego-maniac, racist, bigot, who brings out the worst in the worst people, Bradley said. We get donations from poor people, the middle class and the upper class all the time. Since Donald Trump is the least charitable billionaire in the entire world, we expect no donations from that dick pic tweeting pervert anytime soon.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told reporters that he agrees with Trumps actions.\nIf everyone says you have a small penis, you dont keep it in your pants, you dont hide it; you prove them wrong! This is exactly what a real president should do! Praise Donald Trump! Praise Fappy!\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this about Donald Trump is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the gender reassignment surgery my wife Barbara has always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us. Mikkelson continues, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up any of our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, Id say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.\nABC News reached out to Trumps campaign for comment about the x-rated tweet and at the time of this press release did not receive a response.\nHow much more ridiculous can his campaign for President get? I dunno but I cant wait to see!!\nOn more reflection I do NOT think his legs look that good!  It must be bullpucky!\nIm just wondering how Paul Ryan is going to back-pedal on THIS one Well, our birther candidate is a drunken car crash and couldnt help himself because hes suffering from Affluenza.  I just sent him some flowers. to congatulate him .  For his p**is.\nI actually happened to see his tweet before he deleted it and as a 54 year old woman who has been married to 3 different men I can tell you for a fact that Mr. Trump has just a fine penis. Theres nothing wrong with it what so ever! Marco Rubio is just trying to start trouble!\nWith that many divorces I hope youre not one of the GOPs traditional marriage hypocrites\nLady, Its not about starting trouble. Its not normal for anyone, let alone Presidential candidates, to tweet their private parts. What kind of pervert does that?!\nA liberal democrat named Anthony Weiner does that.\nAnd his career was over. As hopefully is tRumps!\nTrump 2016    We do not need another 4 years of Democrat policies\nThat actually might be Anthony Weiners weiner in that pic.  How do you know its Trumps?  Because of a picture of a tweet?  That can be so edited in.  Technology has gotten to good to believe anything anymore.\nVivian, I hope during the course of these 3 months you have figured out that masturbation is 100% necessary and without it, I would not be who I am today. Who am I today? Not sure, but I sure like to self-rape and get my dildo on, no wut I sayin?\nIs THAT what you pick your presidential candidate on? The size of his dick??? What the HELL is wrong with you?\nBut Ill bet somehow you think its okay for women to expose their cleavage and breast?  Not okay for ANYONE to expose ANY part of their body.\nI guess youre in favor of the veil then, Dee?\nWell, its either a president with a PROVEN big dick or a president with no dick who murders people.\nTHATS your takeaway from this? that his penis is okay? Not the fact that he is a presidential candidate who posted his penis online?\n.or that he is single-handedly making fools of this country?\nJesus Christ.\nYou are right when you say this campaign has reached a new low!!!!!  Tell me no one will talk about this??? when they hung and pilloried Weiner costing him the NYC mayoralty?\nhas just a fine penis. \nYou are a riot lol but seriously, please dont take this child seriously! This kind of behaviour is not acceptable for an adult.\nNancy Henderson, you are just as ignorantly stupid and sick minded as Trump is. The fact that you admit to being a three time loser (and those are only the ones you admit to being married to) says a lot about personally, and about you cult following Trumpateers and your demigod Trump. As a Republican voter of over 33 years, I can only hope that this will be the last nail in the coffin of the puketard Trump.  You need to take the pictures of Trump off of your ceiling and put your old scab encrusted vibrator back in your nightstand. (And BTW, I dont believe for a second that you actually saw the Tweet by your perverted leader. Ingrate.)\nSuch a terrible mean-spirited hateful post.\nLove your attitude!\nYoure an idiot.\nDonald Trump has a micro penis!\nIm more interested in weather or not his pubes are anything like his barnet\nI just saw the uncensored image of this floating around the web right now Trump has a small weird looking dick\nThere is stories around that Hitler had a deformed and micro penis also. Not sure is it true or just propaganda    I honestly do not care though it does not matter in politics.\nNo hitler (and napoleon) only had one testicle\nThe uncensored image of this is fucked up dont go looking for it, trust me\nhahahaha\nSend me a link please? Ive got to see this.\nHey ABC News.take a little responsibility for promoting that POS. compare airtime youve given him to the other candidates..If Hitler was running would you be cheer leading for him if he made news worthy events?\nInteresting\nPeople are always wanting to see a presidential candidates tax returns or in recent years even their birth certificates.\nI find this to be very new and refreshing because you never get to see a candidates dick.\nQuite frankly Im impressed.\nNo homo.\nIvanka, come take this picture for your dad.\nomg thats to true\nHahahahahahahaha\nthat was too damn funny-hahahaha\nI find it entertaining (and sad) that most of Trumps supporters are one or two paychecks away from being homeless, and they vote for a guy who only cares about making the rich, richer\num, how is this the Republican nominee for President???\nBeing white is lot more than just the color of your skin.\nFor me Donalds penis would be a symbol of freedom and what America should be about.\nLittle Marco and Lyin Ted just dont have what it takes to get my vote.\nRight? I mean its not illegal to tweet nudes. People do it every day. Hes not even cheating on his wife. Im sure he told her exactly what he was gonna do and why so whats the big deal? Yeah hes running for president. And yes maybe he should be held to a higher standard. But still. Its not agents the law and yes not being unfaithful to his wife. Its not like hes sending dick picks to women trying to get some action behind his wifes back. I think its funny! Hes basically saying,heres my dick punk now talk some more shit you little bitch! Lmao! Go trump it think this makes him even more awesome!\nGrow up Trump!\nGross!\nTrump needs to be on medication. He is getting out of control having no filter; very much like an individual who might be suffering from a mental illness such as bipolar/manic symptoms. I hope some one helps him before he really decompensates in public. He should not be on TV spewing his angry, hateful rhetoric, related to his grandiose personality and illness.\nWhere have people found the uncensored version?\nTrying to get the female vote ? LOL\nMost women consider unasked for dick pix gross.\nI dont know how THIS ^^^ is such a secret to most men.\nThis behavior is so inappropriate, crude and poor judgement.  How would he handle important political issues if he cant handle Ribios statement in a diplomatic way? Bad enough this was even discussed- but to tweet??  Clearly this man has no right to run for President.  If elected will only run this country into the ground.\nWake up America- do you really want someone with very little moral fiber to run this country???\nI cant stand Trump, but there is nothing wrong with tweeting a dick pic\nwhat  the  hell  is  in  the  White  House  now,  dummy.\nwow-he has no right to run for president? do you realize the crimes that hillary clinton has committed against the american people. Id be with you on that if all she had done is post a pic of her dick.\nABC, lets see the penis.   No need to censor.\nIll bet it feels huge in those hands\nDonald Trump is gross!\nWhoever is voting for this guy supports a grown man for President who tweets dick pics\nThis Presidential Race, at least on the Republican sideis devolving really rapidly.\nTrumps skin color is the same as an oompa loompa\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA\nLol so gross\nThe people who accept this behavior are obviously of the younger generation (kids.)  Before you kids vote for Trump, ask yourself if you are prepared to die for Trump, because if elected POTUS, Trump is going to start a war, that war is going to have battlefields in our own backyard, and you are going to be drafted to the front.  Are you willing to die or be incapacitated for the rest of your life for someone with the mentality of a ten year old?\n  \nIs there any way we can postpone our elections from November to a later time? Perhaps we can get other candidates to run a more typical and acceptable campaign? This one is beyond belief.\nwell at least he has the balls to do the job, and he will win the who has the bigger C0ck fight that has been going on forever TRUMP 2016\nIt is YUUUUGE\nSome people will believe anythingespecially Hillary fans apparently. Homework is always a good thing.\nThough am new to searching online for help, am not really new to having the desires of satisfying my wife in bed. I have really longed for these days when I will have a huge and strong penis because I have always been a little man as my wife does call me. It hurts me whenever I cum before 2 minutes or even earlier on sex, having a little penis that cant even satisfy her; I really used to be about 4.9cm and about 7cm on full erection, that surely was a little me. It all continued all that way until few months ago when I searched online for the first time and found some comments about Musson Penis Enlargement.\nI thought about it and decided contacting them on MUSSON_PENISENLARGEMENT@YAHOO.COM to buy 1 for myself; I did really with the greatest hope. My greatest surprise is I only got to use their stuff for just 3 weeks and I already got 12.7cm added to my 7cm and I used further to discover last week that am now measuring 9.4inc long and hard on erection. Now I do also stay on sex longer than I ever dreamed of. Am so happy for the new results and very thankful to the profession or Dr Musson . You can as well get more of their products and help on Musson.costumercareline@gmail.com\nhuh :/\nIll still vote for Donald Trump even after this I know Ive sent out some crazy things on Twitter. Donald Trump is a human being just like the rest of us", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:20:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 Donald Trump has broken all kinds of norms during his presidential campaign, but he just went to a whole new level this morning by tweeting what is supposedly an image of his private-parts. The tweet was quickly deleted but not before being retweeted over 5,000 times."}
{"title": "Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Gay & Muslim In New Tell-All Book - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/secret-service-says-obama-is-gay-muslim-in-new-book/", "text": "A book by a former Secret Service agent claims Barack Obama is a gay Muslim. (AP Photo/Dennis System, File) / APWASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  A former Secret Service agent whose new book is quickly climbing Amazons best-seller charts, said he is concerned about the state of the country and says it is time the public knows the real truth about our Commander in Chief, Barack Obama.\nFormer agent, Paul Horner, in his new tell-all book The Black House, reveals what goes on inside the White House when the news cameras are turned off.\nIn an interview with ABC News, Horner told Senior Political Analyst Tom Downey that he is one-hundred-percent positive that President Barack Obama is not only gay, but a radical Muslim as well.\nEveryone on the inside knows that Obama is gay and a Muslim, it is common knowledge, Horner said. I saw many men coming and going from Obamas room, at all hours. I would say a good portion of the men, over fifty-percent, were Muslim.\nDowney: In your book you talk about several rituals Obama performed to unwind from his busy schedule. Can you elaborate on these for our readers?\nHorner: When no one was around, except his security, Obama couldnt wait to get out of his suit and into his Muslim tunic. He would wear it while praying to the prophet Muhammad throughout the day. During these prayer sessions he insisted that he not be disturbed.\nDowney: In the book you talk about Obama and his thoughts on Islamic law. Do you care to explain?\nHorner: He would tell me all the time that before his Presidency was over, he had plans to sign an Executive Orders implementing Sharia law. He said he was determined to change most of the statutes in America to Muslim law.\nDowney: In chapter three of the book, you write about Obamas ideas and plans for gun control in this country. Can you give us a brief summary of what you were talking about?\nHorner: Obama would always talk about his plans for taking away the rights for Americans to bear arms. He basically wanted to do away with the Second Amendment. This would worry me, drastically.\nDowney: Can you give us any insight on Obamas feelings towards the American people?\nHorner: He constantly made jokes about Americans, frequently referring to them as mongoloids and idiots. Christians were his favorite verbal punching bags. He has absolutely no respect for the Christian religion. I believe he actually hates Christians, and finds their ideology to be old fashioned and ignorant.\nDowney: Your book spends a whole chapter devoted to the various tortures that Obama and the First Lady would subject you to. Can you explain?\nHorner: Because most of us were white, Obama would force us to listen to Diana Ross at full volume, every day, at all hours of the night. It was horrible, I never got any sleep. This is one of the main reasons I finally had to quit.\nDowney: What are some of the things the public will find the most shocking?\nHorner: Probably the sheer amount of men he welcomed into his bed quarters. I am in no way homophobic, but Obamas insatiable lust for homosexual liaisons is like nothing Ive ever witnessed. Were talking ten or more partners in a single day.\nDowney: Thats amazing, ten or more men in a single day? Wow.\nHorner: Also, at least once a day, Obama would have us log on to Facebook to support a page about a Dolphin named Fappy who travels around the country speaking to elementary school children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. It was all very, very strange stuff.\nDowney: In the book you do mention various charities that Obama was passionate about, which I found quite interesting. What are some of those charities that the President would work with?\nHorner: Most of the charities Obama would focus on had something to do with the Muslim community or promoting Islam in America. Though there was one charity that even I donated to. It was called Sock It Forward. They gave new socks directly to homeless people all around the country. I thought it was truly fascinating what they did. Talking with the volunteers from that charity, I learned that socks are the most desired item at homeless shelters, but the least donated. Within this interview, I please ask that ABC News adds a link to their founders recent interview about their organization and a link to donate. The Muslim charities that Obama endorsed, I dont care to talk about.\nDowney: We sure can do that Mr. Horner. For those reading this article, here is a link to the founders interview, click here. Along with that, here is a link for those wishing to donate socks or money to their cause, click here.\nDowney: Is there anything else you can tell us?\nHorner: Yeah, Horner smiles. Buy the book.\nTo read more, pick up a copy of Horners book, The Black House, now available on Amazon and at your local bookstore.\nIt is time this Muslim President of ours gets impeached already!\nEats bacon, drinks beer, pro choice, pro equal rights etc WORST MUSLIM EVER!\nIve been saying this for years about this faggot nigger Musim President, now heres proof!\nPlease commit suicide, redneck. Freedom of speech can go too far. Maybe hyenas and vultures will eat your soul-less corpse.\nJust bought the book! Cant wait to read it!\nI certainly didnt need someone to tell me that Barrack is a gay muslim, his actions proved that long go.\nI just ordered my copy of this amazing must-read book, I suggest everyone get a copy. I cant wait to read it! Ill report back when finished reading it\nAll you people who actually bought this book are stupid\nGullible, racist and stupid. Yes, line that secret service mans pockets with your $$$.\nI just ordered a copy of this online for my dad and myself. This is a book that every TRUE American Patriot should know! Buy this book, read it, learn from it, and spread this information!!!\nSomebody is definitely messin with peoples beliefs about the President of our country hiding the fact that he is gay and Muslim is a HUGE issue and legal action should be taken! Plus all the horrible things he said about Christians and the American people wanting to implement Sharia law Shame on you Barack Obama, you gay Muslim!\nSo tired of hearing about some purple lipped community organizer shitstain who had it so rough in that racist hellhole Hawaii while being raised by rich white bankers and attending a $20,000 a year private school.\nDid the article mention Fappy the Dolphin!?\nDoes Chicago Mohammed intend to ban masturbation?\nI will certainly support Dear Leader and the USSA if he does ban jerking off.\nRemember kids you cant shake hands with Jesus if you are beatin the bishop!\nThis goddamn gay Muslim President of ours needs to be impeached already!!\nIm shocked, SHOCKED at such behavior in the house once occupied by Abe Linkin, Teddy Rooseveldt, and George Bush, both of them.\nPraise Fappy!\nI have heard that many times.  I feel I must tell you, watch your back!  Tell your loved ones the same.  Watch what you eat, as well as family.   Get protection for you and family all the time.   I will pray for you and your protection Sir.\nTHIS BOOK DOES EXIST!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:30:27-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 A former Secret Service agent whose new book is quickly climbing Amazon\u2019s best-seller charts, said he is concerned about the state of the country and says it is time the public knows the real truth about our Commander in Chief, Barack Obama."}
{"title": "Utah Makes Pornography Illegal - Fines & Jail Time For Repeat Offenders - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/utah-makes-pornography-illegal/", "text": "SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  Utah Governor Gary Herbert signed a resolution declaring pornography illegal and a public health crisis at the Utah State Capitol today.\nThis is a historic day for the good, clean-living, people who call the state of Utah home, Herbert told reporters. This new law will protect our children and make our state pure from the heathens who go against Gods will.\nThe anti-porn resolution was introduced by Republican state Senator Todd Weiler in January 2015, to battle the pornography epidemic harming the state and the country.\nThe resolution calls for increased education, prevention, research, law enforcement and policy change at the community and societal level. Under the new law, those living in Utah who possess pornography of any kind, that being a magazine or viewing pornographic material online, will face harsh fines and even jail time for repeat offenders.\nI want to assure the good citizens of Utah that the brave men and women of law enforcement will be out in full force, tracking down porn offenders, and bringing them to justice, Sheriff Jim Tracy of Utah County said. I can promise you this, those who we find breaking any porn laws will be seeing jail bars. This new law is about protecting our children and that is exactly what we plan to do.\nAnti-pornography group, the Utah Coalition Against Pornography posted on Facebook that the resolution signing marks a time to celebrate and recognize this historic moment.\nWeiler says the resolution is the first step toward creating a plan to protect children and families from the evils that are out there.\nDue to advances in technology and the universal availability of the Internet, young children are exposed to what used to be referred to as hard core, but is now considered mainstream, pornography at an alarming rate, according to the bill.\nWeiler, who hopes similar legislation will soon be passed in other states, believes that pornography is addictive in nature and aiding in the breakdown of marriage and healthy relationships.\nIf you start with meth or heroin, everyone knows thats addictive, Weiler told The Atlantic. A lot of people will get kind of lured into pornography, and they dont know it may actually consume their life.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she does not agree with the new law.\nThis ridiculous law is going to imprison a lot of people in the state, Bradley said. The fact is, people in Utah are some of the biggest users of online pornography in the country according to PornHub.com. Real nice, Mormons; make sure to keep your hands above the covers when you sleep but not before clearing your browser history first. Bradley continued, Also, thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, give what you can.\nPaul Horner, a spokesman for the Governors Office, spoke to reporters about the fines and possible jail time involved with the new law.\nFirst time offenders will see fines of $100-$500, depending on the quantity of pornography or the amount of digital graphic content seized on the criminals computer. Repeat offenders can expect 30 days in jail or worse, depending on what type of pornography is found in the individuals possession. Missionary style pornography will result in a fine or up to 30 days in jail, while pornography that involves any kind of homogayness, that being sodomy or Devil worshipping, will result in long-term prison sentences. Law enforcement will also be working closely with local ISPs and the NSA to monitor those who search out porn on the internet. We will win the war on porn and masturbation.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he believes in what Utah is doing.\nI think it is great what the state of Utah has done today in fighting the war on self-rape in this country. The rest of America needs to get with the times, vote for Ted Cruz, and make masturbation illegal once and for all. It is important to remember that our Lord loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then well burn in Hell for eternity.\nThe Governors Office, working together with local law enforcement, has setup a 24-hour Anti-Porn Hotline to report individuals suspected of possessing pornography at 1-800-705-2464. You can remain anonymous.\nSt. George, Utah  SGPD Pornography Taskforce  Sergeant Rob\nThis is great news and I applaud the Governor! I would never look at porn and nobody else needs to either! I hope other states decide to do this\nHow the hell do YOU know what I need, Babs?! Who do you think you are?\nI was gang-banged by four black dudes in a porno while I was back in college. I learned a lot from that. Being in porn and watching porn, theres a lot of cleanup. regardless though, I think it should be legal\nWhat a completely fabricated claim which I do not believe a word of. I hereby call for you to cite your information with a link to said pornographic material, less your comment be nullified.\nHahaha Ben so you can check the evidence for yourself?\nIf porn is illegal, can they still offer SOME porn for those that can prove that porn can benefit their quality of life with a doctors prescription: medical porn?\n\nOnly concentrated porn though While video porn its still completely illegal Lol\nAgree completely\nI refuse to eat bacon and by golly none of the rest of you are going to either!\nI resolutely will remain single and every single one of you will too!\nI watch only BBC news and all other channels should be outlawed!\nScrew you Barb.\nFUCk you barb ya bitch. Im off to watch a video of a house wife getting railed by 12 dudes, CYA.\nI personally disagree with this stupid law, masturbation is a completely normal and natural thing. Everyone has done it at least once or twice in their lives.\nAre you stupid?\nIf this is actually enforced then one of two things will happen. Either 50-70% of the state will be in jail, in which case well need to spend BILLIONS building more jails. On top of having to DOUBLE or possibly TRIPLE the number of law enforcement personnel to be able to pursue this because its so widespread.\nOr people will be leaving Utah in DROVES. And not just unchristian sinners but good Mormons, priests, even bishops.\nNot to mention that this law is unconstitutional.\nYou may as well outlaw fictional violence. Or swearing.\nOr religion.\nBecause lets face it, the plain and simple fact is that more violence has been done in the name of religion than any other cause in history.\nthere are currently 27 results of pornography-related bills for this year\nOne of which is a a Resolution that the governer signed. A Resolution Not a bill or law. It has no teeth!\nthe following are references to porn-related laws that do have power and more of it because of the resolution:\n8. SB0113: [Text]Subjecting a Minor to Sexual Material -Sponsored by Sen. Weiler, ToddView bill text only\nincreased14     by one degree if the victim was exposed to pornography during the course of the15\nhttp://le.utah.gov/~2016/bills/sbillhtm/SB0113.htm\n9. SB0238: [Text]Safety Net Initiative Amendments -Sponsored by Sen. Bramble, Curtis S.View bill text only\nPornography Complaints Ombudsman under108     Section 67-5-18 ;109          (c) administration of the\nhttp://le.utah.gov/~2016/bills/sbillhtm/SB0238.htm\nthere are currently 27 results of pornography-related bills for this year\nOh shut the fuck up!\nI am just sitting here reading this shit and cant believe what I am reading.  You bunch of damn self-righteous hypocrites are so damn full of shit. I cant believe that the voters and the citizens of Utah is going to go for Christian bull shit.  You guys are going to be sued the hell out of.  You already know this damn stupid law is going to be overturned by the courts.  And your damn stupid ass governor is just as stupid for signing the damn law.  Just damn stupid.  You Christians are such homophobic. What do you think about your Jesus running around out in the desert with 12 men and no women? All of them sleeping together under the starts.  Isnt it possible that a lot of Broke Back Mountain shit was going on with Jesus and his Disciples?  Thats something for your self-righteous bitches to think about.\nyoure sick and headed for eternal torment. WORD\nLetsget it straight, it started with the mormons and one of theyre self righteous belief. Maybe im wrong on that point, of who started this, ive also heard that Gary Herbert was looking into a bag where 5 magical golden plates spoke to him and said this would be a great law. Point is, the mormons gave him that bag that smelled like spray paint filled with lead tasting wall chips.\nActually the Bible openly says that there were MANY WOMEN with Jesus and His disciples.\nIm a little disturbed at the lack of privacy this law would inflict. I mean, porn is not for children. It is for consenting adults. Fully grown people who have as much right to govern themselves as the beloved governor. Many Utah citizens do not share his religious beliefs, but this law seems to be heavily motivated by Mormon ideals. Its long been understood that there must (absolutely MUST) be a separation of faith and law.\nWhy do you find it necessary to tell people what they should or shouldnt do in their private lives??? Why does Utah think it is ok to do this kind of shit?? You have no right to come into my closed house and make me live by YOUR rules! How about if I decide you should practice Wicca because I think that is the way everyone should live? You nor the state of Utah have any right to tell me how and what I can or cannot do in my own home. Putting people in jail for watching porn or masturbating?? Seriously what year are we living in people??? Just because you are a Mormon and are a frigid old bitty does not mean I need to be!\nYou must like violence against your neighbors. Because when these types of law are enacted, and you support them, you are giving men with guns permission to harm people for doing things that dont harm you. How moral of you.\nThe fact that pornography is so popular in Utah actually makes a lot of sense\n1. The women are undesirable, usually single mothers, physically repulsive due to excessive weight, emotionally needy and manipulative. Women simply failed a cost benefit analysis.\n2. The majority of women only have sex to offer, outside of the bedroom they are aggressive, unfeminine and predatory. The fact that women were so easily replaced by online porn shows just how valueless they are.\n3. The insane divorce laws which leave men financially devastated.\n4. Most women are not worth the hassle of associating with, they are uninteresting, and overly demanding. They are intolerable burdens on men.\nCS MGTOW\nI smell a troll look there is, a fat repulsive troll named CS MGTOW. Go on back to your mothers basement now, you poor sad fat slob.\nBook burners unite.\nTell me, Barbara, how about you follow your religion a bit closer.. Do Unto Others as You would have Them Do Unto You.\nTranslation: What other people choose to view has NO bearing upon you. And you have NO right to dictate to others.\nNo run along and play in traffic.\nLMAO!!! Yes Mamm Miss Everyones mother. LMAO!!!\nThis is great stuff! I would vote for you if you ran for President!\nSheeesh. #TeaPartyLogic. This is a lawsuit waiting to happen. And you wasted MORE taxpayer money with a special session for another of your insidious message bills?  And whats up with the Puritanical bullshit in 2016?!?!?!?\nId laugh, if it werent so goddamn ridiculous. Dont you #GOPMormons know that Larry Flynt already won this lawsuit YEARS ago?\nThis will ultimately just cost more taxpayer legal fees.. money that could otherwise ACTUALLY HELP people. #MedicaidExpansion #CleanAir #CleanEnergy #Education\nIs Herbies stash Exempt?\n@ Barbara Perkins: you are a very sick person.  Seek therapy immediately.\nI wouldnt either, but it is not  government job to help us get to heaven. Geez.\nThis is really stupid. How do you think thats going to stop any porn????? All your doing is wasting money and time\nThis is a waste of time and resources. Put the money towards something useful like curbig teen suicide. What a bunch of idiots.\nThis is exactly why we need Ted Cruz as President. We wouldnt have to wait around for individual states to makes this garbage illegal, he would just do it for the entire country\nfuck you bitch\nfuck your faggot Jesus.\nIll watch as much pron as I want and there in nothing your cunt god can do. Get fucking cancer and your children are going to die. Faggot\nEnforcing this law will be so funny to watch! I hope they get an anti-porn taskforce and post videos like that show Cops!\nYoure sick\nA 30 day online subscription to brazzers.com will now get you 30 days IRL lol Utah smh\nWHAT??? Is this still America or did Republicans just turn us into the Middle East?..\nIs there a grandfather clause? Im asking for a friend.\nSee rule 34.\nHAHAHAH!\nFascism is alive and well in Utah.  Isnt there a First Amendment there?  Is there no privacy?  This will have to be taken to a higher court to be proven Unconstitutional.  Its a shame that all that money and work will be wasted.  Damn the Theocrats!\nHave the dumb asses never heard of the internet or the logistics of enforcing such resolution.\nHmmm so the videos my wife and i have of each other when we are separated by business trips will get us thrown in jail? LOL! What absolute absurdity. And you people applauding this  are you seriously so incapable of managing your own affairs that you require even MORE government interference into your freedoms? Hahaha!! My God you are fools\nIf this law applies to you and your wife not being able to please each-other instead of cheat while you are abroad, I no longer see this porn thing as valid as I did.\nClears search history\nWont do much, your isp has your info and if they give such little care about your constitutional rights they can still get the info. You will want to get a vpn dedicated to privacy and search that way from now on lol\nHopefully other states will follow Utahs great example and get rid of this evil filth!\nMy PORNOGRAPHIC PICTURES I have of my HUSBAND ARE NOT FILTH!!! How dare you judge other people! Let he without sin cast the first stone. Id like to know what skeletons you have in YOUR closet!!!\nHopefully people with their heads up their ass like you learn to mind their own business\nMemo to Steve: Dont move to Utah\nRIGHT!!! Big bold letters in that memo LOL\nSaudi America here we come.\nUtah can now go die in a fire.\nFor people that are so in favor of individual freedom and less government regulation, they are sure as hell going in the opposite direction. lol\nWhat a backwards state Utah is\nIts hilarious when they find out this law can never actually be enforced. This law would violate the people of utahs rights and doesnt protect any children. If a child can still access the internet they can still access porn. People have the right to do what they wish in the privacy of their own homes regardless of what the mormons honestly think. the only thing this bill does is put people who do have a problem with pornography inside if a jail where they will achieve no help, most likely ending up where people begin to leave utah at mass numbers from an extreme amount of arrests done onto people. do they expect everyone to just get up and delete their porn? this is the gestapo all over again.\nGlad to have some news from good-old Utah\nThis is great, glad to see so many people agree with banning porn\nFantastic.. What next? Gunna ban eating food and drinking liquor? Make the christian flag the new state flag? Make it illegal to be an atheist? Start punishing people via machetes? I mean, if youre going to start copying what they already do in the middle east, you might as well go the full mile.\nBut guns are ok.\nIts okay for a girl to report sexual assault like rape at BYU as long as she is ok being punished and kicked out of school for breaking the school honor code rules. Basically its ok to rape at BYU because its the victims fault. Just be raped and accept it and dont tell anyone because youll be in trouble. Thank God we are getting rid of the porn, though. Haha.\nAh, but you see, if he didnt commit rape, then he might have watched porn, or even worse, masturbated!  I think we all know which one is a sin.\nButt guns.\nCome on people  didnt you know that sex is EVIL? We MUST find another way to perpetuate our species. Something clean, something wholesome, something involving Julie Andrews dancing through a flower meadow, singing happily while the birds all join in and the ghost of Walt Disney silently applauds.\n(P.S., Im British. We understand irony)\nI thought pornography was protected under the first amendment? Didnt the Supreme Court already rule this? Christians fear Sharia Law but they are causing one here in the US.  Instead you have the Christian version. Bunch of hypocrites!\nI laugh at the absurdity of this law. All these conservatives complaining about the erosion of our second amendment rights, but here they are taking away our first amendment rights. Well the second  protect the first\nWhat they really should be banning is the bible and the book of mormon, and pretty much any other religious text.  Those books do more harm than all the porn put together.\nOh, this is great, but I would never vote for a wack job Ted Cruz. #BernieOrBust\nAre they going to try and take my huge black dildo too?\n#ScaredForTheSaftyOfMyPornInUtah\nAs long as it is only a black dildo  and not a black dick youre screwing, its ok.  Wouldnt want you to be a race traitor!  Cheers!\nHow about protecting the innocent children from the EVIL hiding inside???\nhttp://fox13now.com/2016/03/24/lds-church-named-in-lawsuit-alleging-sexual-abuse-of-navajo-children-in-foster-program/\nOh Utah  smh\nThis is a parody website.\nSorry to say that I checked just 4 sites and ABCNews.com has it correct. The state of Utah has not only outlawed pornography but theyve effectively denied privacy rights to anyone living within their states borders. Its shameful that in this day and age, religion is taking away our rights and replacing them with rules that are straight from their buybull.\nThis new law though will only clog the courts both state and federal for the next 20 years while its adjudicated and in the end, after some 1 Million dollars are spent trying to justify this law, the state of Utah will lose plus the state will become the butt of jokes for many years to come.\nIt was only a matter of time before Utah did this\nIm going to go watch porn now\nPraise Jesus for making porn illegal in Utah!!!\nThey can take my porn from my cold dead hands, that have lotion or Vaseline on them\nWTF I DID NOT POST THIS\nWait Yes I did!\nWell, I guess congrats to ISIS for taking over Utah.\nSo now that the rapest and predators cant watch porn . There is probably going to be higher cases in utah of people getting molested amd kids being kidnapped..honestly who cares if dont care if you watch porn or not . Stay out of peoples business and quotes trying to control everything and STOP listening to the CHURCH!\nNow now, I know its one thing to declare it a hazard. Take a stance against it as a voice of the government. However, I find it insane to make porn illegal. The Governor, his most honorable Iam sure clearly knows interfering with ones moral will is not of beliefs that we all have come to lovefreedom of choice. This if true sounds like martial law and there is ABSOLUTELY no court of law in the united states of America that will allow this. The governor need to hire better advisors or go talk to the leader of the religion he belongs in. What the heck type of crap is this??!! WTF? What America they do that at?\nHow pathetic, why do god-botherers always look to the state when they want their children protected, whats wrong with PARENTS protecting children?!\nShould I be proactive and cancel my subscription to seafood magazine, those shelled shrimp are too much!\nIm pretty sure that some of the first arrests will be the governor himself, his cabinet, advisers, and other higher-ranking government officials.\nCalm your anuses, the masturbation task force is out there!\nOne time I needed money so I got jizzed on by a bunch of dudes porn saved my life thank you porn!\nSorry but not sorry. Im with Utah on this. Theres been study after study researching the detrimental effects of porn not only on adults but on children as well. Dont like it? Dont live in Utah.\nSorry. But its not so easy to just say dont like the rules? Then dont live in Utah. I am 19 years old and sadly dont have the money to move out right now. Trust me I would love to move the fuck out of this horrible restricting state that suffocates and restricts any form of independence and freedom of choice that Mormons claim is gods gift to us but I cant just move because I cant afford it at this time. So dont say that people should just move because most cant.\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Oh man and you KNOW that idiot who is making this a law is the BIGGEST porn watching sicko of them all.\nSelf RAPE ?  Hahaha those poor bastards in Utah\nThis is so stupid! They say they want to protect their children. Ok, there are bad parents, who cant control what their children are doing throughout the day, I understand this. But if you suck as a parent, does this mean that you can ask the entire state to do YOUR job?! And whats the problem with adult people, who have all the rights to watch porn? And what if some of those adult people dont believe in Ancient Jewish Fairy Tales?!\nmark my words. if you ANYONE considers arresting or fining me for pornography, i will sue the state of utah, this is infringing on the rights of the american people.\nI motion to make Barb Redling illegal!\nDoesnt porn come under Freedom of the Press? I am more concerned with the potential ban on masturbation, or as they call it, self rape.If they believed in science (and we all know they dont), they would have acknowledged the benefits of masturbation for our health! Check this out: http://www.everydayhealth.com/sexual-health/dr-laura-berman-the-health-benefits-of-masturbation-for-women-and-men.aspx\nSo, in other words, they want us to jeopardize our health for their religious whims? Hell no!\nMuch of the article and most of the comments had me chuckling.  Several years ago I had two students from Sweden in my class.  They had some profound thoughts.  To begin with they stated Americans are very strange people.  They had observed that  many if not most Americans are obsessive.  In Sweden they learn that the thing that is stigmatized most, rejected the most, is generally what is then desired the most.  Utah, Mormons and other similar regressive societies in America have some of the worst obsessive problems.  Case in pointUtah highest per capita consumer of tranquilizers, highest rate of child sexual abuse, highest per capita consumer of chocolate, worst pay inequality for women, highest per capita use of porn, one of the highest rates of teen suicide.  Seems like there are so many other issues in Utah adding another you cant have is too counter-productive.  Then again typical of Republican legislators if they can divert attention for their lack of doing anything with substance they seem to feel that are doing their job.\nWTF???  The first thing we need to do is check out the porn viewing by all the elected officials and Mormon church bishops and other church officials.  How many of them have been arrested for soliciting, pedophilia and just being plain shitty rude ass, better than though humans???  If they deny ever having masturbated, put them under oath and then send their ass to jail for perjurystart with the governor.GUILTY!!!\nGet your F***ing priorities straight!  Look at the female BYU student who was RAPED and then kicked out of the university for violating the honor code.  The rape was probably committed by a F***ing sick Mormon who was frustrated because he was not allowed to jack-off.\nI am dead serious about throwing all the elected and church officials in jail first.  This law violates the constitution and reason in so many ways.   Look at  the REAL problems in your pious church run state such as shitty a education system, homelessness, terrible roads, etc. instead of making something illegal just because you hide in the closet to do it!!!\nWTF???  The first ones that need to go jail for having their heads up their a** are the governor, all the elected officials that voted for this shitty legislation, Mormon bishops and other church (aka cult) leaders that run the state of Utah!  This law is wrong is so many ways  violating the constitution, lack of separation of church and state, etc.\nAsk the governor and all the elected officials if they have ever masturbated or looked at another naked person.  If they deny it then throw their a**es in jail for perjury.  If they are brave enough to admit it put them in jail for violating their own ridiculous law.  The church officials already make the news all the time for soliciting, rape, pedophilia, etc.  The state of Utah has so many real problems, why are they wasting taxpayer dollars on this crap.  How about the female BYU who reported being raped and the was kicked out of BYU for violating the honor code?  The crime was probably committed by some frustrated goody-two-shoes Mormon who goes to church, but was told to fear for his soul if he jacked off.  Seriously, how about taking care of the worst education system in the country, a huge drug epidemic, homelessness, crappy roads, corruption (the last two state attorney generals in Utah are facing serious jail time for their corrupt actions), etc.\nThe state of Utah is already the laughing stock of the country for some of the idiotic laws, now they just made it worse.\nI agree\nWhy dont all you nosy bored self righteous ignorant fucking assholes mind your own god damn business STAY THE FUCK OUT OF OTHER PEOPLES LIVES!!!! I AM OVER 18 I DONT WATCH KIDDIE PORN NOR DO I ALLOW ANY CHILD TO VIEW IT WHAT MAKES ME A BAD PERSON? NOT A FUCKING THING FUCK YOU ALL\nPraise Fappy!\nThe ISP only identifies the computer, not the person at the computer. Who do you take to jail? Im sure Utah thought that through though. This is the kind of government overreach that made me leave Utah, my home of 27 years. Especially the fact that homoerotic will get you a more strict sentence? I am straight and support LGBT completely and I decided to take my education to the beautiful state of Oregon where people can just live and be people. We are lucky to be alive on this rock flying around in the massive void of space but we waste our time with this petty shit? I miss my family and the absolutely beautiful outdoors of Utah but this complete invasion of privacy is ridiculous and cause for a protest, not only for the pornography industry but for the invasion of privacy.\nWhat happened to separation of church and state? This new law will protect our children and make our state pure from the heathens who go against Gods will. If I am a heathen to this state, especially due to a religious agenda, then I renounce any affiliation with Utah. I am a heathen for having premarital sex with a woman I love? This is disgusting. I know of many returned missionaries and devoted Mormons who became alcoholics and junkies because of the uneducated and protective nature of their upbringing. They were always told no, no, no, but never why not and slingshot from clean living people to deadbeat welfare junkie. I am so glad that I was able to escape from the cult of Mormon society. Brainwashing children with that garbage should be illegal.\nThe NSA has a massive data processing center at Camp Williams in Bluffdale, Utah. On top of this, on multiple occasions, I have seen surveillance drones flying through the Salt Lake Valley. Welcome to the prohibition of pornography and its black market crime in Utah. Just go to Idaho or Wyoming. All the Mormons already do it for the really good fireworks oh wait, thats illegal, but feel free to pick and choose in Utah.\nThis is truly a sad day for the rights of the citizens of Utah. This is exponentially deeper than it seems. Open your eyes Utah, stand up!\nSo much for separation of church and state. Fuck the morman Governor. They cant take aways peoples rights to view porn. Fucking dumbass mormans. They are going way to far. Its insane really\n64          NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Legislature of the state of Utah, the\n65     Governor concurring therein, recognizes that pornography is a public health hazard leading to a\n66     broad spectrum of individual and public health impacts and societal harms.\n67          BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Legislature and the Governor recognize the\n68     need for education, prevention, research, and policy change at the community and societal level\n69     in order to address the pornography epidemic that is harming the people of our state and nation.\nSo ridiculous!\nThis is horrible\nDo something constructive make STUPIDITY illegal and lock your own dumb-ass up.AND THIS IS HOW THEY ARE GOING TO DO IT,,,,,,PRIVATE PRISONS TO STATES: YOUD BETTER START THROWING MORE PEOPLE IN PRISON OR WELL SUE\nYou know our country is on the wrong track when citizens freedom becomes bad for business and the states are siding with businesses by locking up more citizens.\nabout the plague thats called the private prison industry. A lot has changed since then, but not for the betterment of the American people. States arent filling enough beds for the private prison companies, so now, taxpayers are being sued because there arent enough criminals.\nThese arent frivolous lawsuits, either. Several government agencies knowingly signed contractswith private prison companies that guarantee a minimum occupancy or quota. In fact, In the Public Interest has found that nearly 2/3 of the contracts have quota clauses. In California, for example, there is a guarantee of 70 percent occupancy and in Arizona, nearly 100 percent.\nAmerica builds 9 prisons before it builds one school,,,If we had more and better schools we wouldnt need the prisons ,,,,\nI knew this day would happen eventually in Utah\nFines AND jail time? For repeated offenders thats a legal gang bang!\nI certainly hope they do a thorough inspection of EVERY LEGISLATORS COMPUTER FIRST! Then well get these hypocritical idiots out of office and into jail where they belong.\nIf youre worried about it for your kids, try TALKING ABOUT IT BEFORE THEY SEE IT!! Three terms to describe this legislative buffoonery: stupid, overreaching, and hopefully short-lived.\nI think its stupid! The Government is getting ridiculous honestly. Isnt it funny how the party for smaller government likes to tell people how to live? More people need to vote Libertarian, get rid of these Republicans and Democrats.\nStupidity at its finest\nUtah!!! Come try and take my porn!!! I dare ya!!!\nthe Christian Taliban or the Christian ISIS is here, Utah must be incredibly stupid to continue to allow these religious fascists to remain in charge\nNot surprised given that the Mormons baptize dead people to inherit planets in the afterlife  and oh, how about them magic undees they wear to bed??  Google that one. Im just glad Im too old to give a crap about porn since I live in this backwards state.\nUtah so backwards. Spread love, not hate\nThis Utah. Hell on earth people.\nSo, how will monitoring cell phone usage be performed?\nWill my picture messaging be monitored by Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint?\nWill my SnapChat, Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Instagram be monitored for compliance?\nWhat is considered pornography? A female in a bikini? A make in a Speedo?\nWill romance novels have the same scutiny?\nWill Victoria Secret no longer have their annual television broadcast?\nWhat about the Miss America show?\nWill websites that sale underwear be banned?\nWill male enhancement suppliers be banned from bringing in product to sale in state? Will a doctor be fined for prescribing such products? Will commercials be banned that have such products in them?\nWill HBO, Cinemax, Stars, Netflix, Hulu, Google have to stop producing entertainment because of sexual overtones?\nWill owning a DVD series such as, Game of Thrones, result in jail time and fines?\nWill retailers have to be monitored for movie, music, games, magazines, books, calendars?\nWill condoms, lubricants, lotions be banned as well?\nWhere would the budget to enforce such a resolution or law coming from?   With a lot a sales not taking place for taxes and tariffs to be used to fill state coffers, who is going to be paying for all this?\nThis entire process to make pornography Illegal is at the very least an assault on the 1st amendment. Time after time people have brought this issue up and time after time it gets shot down. It not only violates the 1st amendment but forces people to abide but some archaic veiwpoint of sexuality. UTAH needs tp rethink this particular resolution before they get sued for what could be Billions\nAll those whose reformation is in their own righteousness will not be able to resist this form of personal control in their private homes and papers.. Neither will they have reward for faith. If they brake the 4th amendment, I ask they be taken to the supreme court, that they may respect God and His salvation. Meanwhile, they still have liberty to preach the Gospel.\nyou really think the nsa has nothing better to do than monitor all ip addresses in utah? or the isps?\nIm heading to Utah to masturbate to filthy porno smut!\nStocking up on porno mags in Missouri and Kansas is the plan.\nI wont look at them while driving though. They will only be opened in Utah.\nOh Utah!\nOkay, so they have Fappy the Anti-Masturbation Dolphin as a mascot.  Did Fappys creator not bother to indulge in the biological research associated with dolphins that made one thing pretty clear about the highly intelligent creature?  Namely the fact that dolphins are the only other creature on the planet aside from humans that indulges in sex for fun?  Great job, guys.  The irony is hilarious.\nOh Utah smh\nIs Herbies Stash Exempt?\nObviously, the Utah governor has nothing better to do than to jam-up the jails and legal system with this utter and completely insane nonsense! It will be overturned when it reaches the Supreme court.\nIs Herbie giving up his stash?\n2017: America strikes back and helps Utah along the rest of the way into the Stone Age by BOMBING THE EVER-LOVING SHIT OUT OF IT TIL IT GLOWS IN THE FUCKING DARK.\nKeep all religions out of politics It said so people cant go against gods will. Ok I dare you to specify which god. Any law made with a religious bias needs to have those authors removed. 100% against the constitution\nThis of course is unconstitutional\nBig brother is watching you. Whats next, sugar, caffeine. Isnt this how the Germany and Russia acted. Porn is not good for kids or family values, but I feel that it should still be my choice not the state. If you dont want porn and its effects for your family and kids. Subscribe to a no porn company, that blocks it on the internet, make the porn people use only secure sites. No kids, no harm, no  more problems. And big brother doesnt waste time and money being the porn police, or high priced baby sitters. This way adults can be adults, and make their own choices.\nUtah how pathetic. Makes so much sense a backwards, Mormon loving state would do this bullshit. Ill masturbate until Im blind.\nUtah has one of the highest rates of incest and teenage pregnancies in the country. As a former resident, their sexual repression was very noticable. As for good clean living Utahans, I never saw it in the 7 years I lived there (Salt Lake), but I did witness a LOT of drunkeness, cheating and outright lechery occurring on several hunting trips I was on with Mormon acquaintences. Apparently, its ok to fuck around on your wife if your with the boys. Outlawing pornography is definitely not going to help this brain-dead, sexually repressed population, its going to make things worse.\nSo this bill is to protect children. Does that mean if there are no children living in my house Im free to download at will?\nSign the petition at http://Www.ipetitions.com/petition/legalize-porn-again\nSo if my wife sends me a nude selfish I go to jail. Me and my wife film us making love we go to jail. So your saying that me and my wife expressing our love together is a crime now so we are no longer aloud to view ourselves in our own way. Even though I am not in your religion or believe in it. You are telling me that you have control of the Union between me and my wife. So really you can go to hell you judgment bastards you dont pay my bills pay my rent put food on my table clothes on my back. What I do in my home is my business not yours stay the fu@# out of my business worry about your own home not mine I have the right to do as I please.\nWhat about all the people who already masturbate but cant stop because its addicting? What about people who have already tried but failed? Youre going to imprison those types of people for being drawn to something they dont even want to be drawn to? Great move, Gary. I might as well chop my dick off myself. While Im at it, Ill go ahead and chop off my own head as well.\nSounds like the gov has a problem with porn.  Where do you draw the line here? No more rated R movies?  No more bacon?  So are they going to monitor everyone now?  Could we not be spending our money and time on something more important?  Martha Stewart!!!\nOdd that a Republican politician is okay w/ passing legislation thats literally taking away a liberty that I, and others, may or may not enjoy. Keep the government out of my bedroom and personal life. Huge over-reach of power.\nNo separation between church and state!  How much did the lds church give him for this law?  The mormon leaders are concerned that utah uses it the most.  And wtf about missionary style porn and other style porn?  My guess is this law will last 2 minutes.  totally unconstitutional!  Forcing us to be clean like mormons.  Well the mormon church continues to do us all another great diservice.  And they think they are good and better than everyone else.  um nope not buyin it at all!!  Hipocryte, greedy, fraudulant, bigott, racist, pedophile, polygimist, predjuice, homophobic, and they think they are good people!!  That dumb as hell church wants to get publicity cuz no publicity is worse than bad publicity.  They want to be important too like a world religion but they arent worth a shit!!\nThe mormons are getting to much money and have enough to bribe politicians Now is the time to tax churches.  if they want to interfere with government with bribes lets make them pay too.  then watch if churches are taxed it will be a commandment from god to increase tything in the lds church..\nPurchase vpn subsciption\nWatch porn\n?????\nProfit\nThis is an attack on free speech because muh morals. Glad I dont live in Utah.\nThis is ridiculous. Pornography doesnt ruin relationships and marriages anymore then guns kill people. People need to be responsible for their own behavior and its a parents job to protect their children from temptation and dangers of life. Sexuality is a form of intimacy and without intimacy, one can not connect and grow. Each person has their own ideas of what they need or want in a relationship with another person or to themselves. Pornography is just another avenue for which people can explore their curiosities, needs and desires. Pornography allows a person to better understand their humanness, boundaries and limits. If used correctly and with respect, it can be a healthy forum for which one can heal. Punishing people for utilizing pornography will only breed shame and shaming will lead to feelings of worthlessness, self-sabotage and self-destruction. Telling people what they are allowed to enjoy, feel, see or touch is taking away the most basic of human rights. It is those people who feel they have no control over themselves or others that need this law and it is a direct and vile imposition. Shocking.\nThis is ridiculous. Pornography doesnt ruin relationships and marriages anymore then guns kill people. People need to be responsible for their own behavior and its a parents job to protect their children from temptation and dangers of life. Sexuality is a form of intimacy and without intimacy, one can not connect and grow. Each person has their own ideas of what they need or want in a relationship with another person or to themselves. Pornography is just another avenue for which people can explore their curiosities, needs and desires. Pornography allows a person to better understand their humanness, boundaries and limits. If used correctly and with respect, it can be a healthy forum for which one can heal. Punishing people for utilizing pornography will only breed shame and shaming will lead to feelings of worthlessness, self-sabotage and self-destruction. Telling people what they are allowed to enjoy, feel, see or touch is taking away the most basic of human rights. It is those people who feel they have no control over themselves or others that feel the need to implement this law and it is a direct and vile imposition. Disgusting.. Shocking.\nI want to feel Jesuss salvation all over my face!\nI am Disappointed.  I lived in St George and am sad that this good state will now be more of a joke.\nFn morons trying to force men into marriage so more men can be divorce raped financially and legally.  InstaFail.  Not enough wealth being forced via divorce lawyers, judges and the state from men to women I guess.  What a bunch of Fn retards.  Will drive around Utah in the future.  Will have nothing to do with church/religion either.  GD Aholes.  Hope your state is the first hit when the nukes fly.\nI will admit that porn is addicting and bad in many ways. However, this law is the biggest joke! I am a worthy Mormon guy who lives in the great state of Utah. Nevertheless, i am not perfect!!! The law of chastity is a constant war for me. I do win some battles, but i also loose some battles too. Every guy and women struggle with this because love making is extremely natural. I dont care who you are, you struggle with pornography. Your thoughts? Your eyes? Your hand? Whatever the case might be, its pornographic material. Indeed, we as a community need to fight the war on porn. However, to make porn illegal is the most ridiculous thing Ive ever heard! Any real Mormon who understands the gospel should agree with me. If not, then you dont understand the Gospel. Plain and simple! Its called the gift of agency. Stupid laws like this are based off contention and force. I do not endorse homosexuality whatsoever but this is exactly why i believe that gay people should have the opportunity to receive a governmental marriage. There is no difference with pornographic material. The strip clubs in Utah are alive and well but you cant watch porn on the internet? Give me a break! Who ever created this bill has been in a position of power for way too long and is now corrupted.\nWHY do you need pornography? If it wont work without porn, then, it wasnt meant to, and you need to sink your soul and mind into The Word/ Jesus Christ", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:05:55-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "SALT LAKE CITY (AP) \u2014 Utah Governor Gary Herbert signed a resolution declaring pornography \"illegal\" and a \"public health crisis\" at the Utah State Capitol today."}
{"title": "50 Tips and Insights About Productivity, Happiness, and Life - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/50-tips-and-insights-about-productivity-happiness-and-life-2/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Vogue", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Why you should choose Microsoft over Linux - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/why-you-should-choose-microsoft-over-linux/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Tech", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Breaking News: Mitt Romney announces he will enter Presidential racePermalink: http://abcnews.com.co", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/breaking-news-mitt-romney-announces-will-enter-presidential-race/", "text": "Mitt Romney has stepped forward to announce he throwing his hat into the Presidential race.\nThe media has been abuzz the last couple of days with report of a mystery candidate about to enter the race.\nWeekly Standard editor Bill Kristol sent out a provocative tweet Sunday, suggesting that another presidential candidate  an independent  would be entering the race for the White House over the holiday weekend.\nMitt Romney was one of those rumored. Up to yesterday he was denying the rumors. A lot of people were not buying into that.Just now from his ranch in Utah Romney formally announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential race.\nWe cannot allow Donald Trump to gain the office of the highest land. Ive had too many people call me and beg me to enter this race.\nRomney has been quite outspoken against Donald Trump, and hemadea 17-minute speech calling Trump a phony and a fraud. He recently told The Wall Street Journalthat his advisers begged him not to go after Trump, but he did so anyway so that he could sleep at night.\nI wanted my grand kids to see that I simply couldnt ignore what Mr. Trump was saying and doing, which revealed a character and temperament unfit for the leader of the free world, Romney said.\nDonald Trump was anticipating that an announcement was imminent and tweeted this yesterday.\nDonald J. Trump\n@realDonaldTrump\nThe Republican Party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in November. Cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!\nCan this guy actual be so stupid as to try again?  His third attempt will no doubt be a bigger failure than the last two attempts.\nHe doesnt Think he can win. His financers just prefer Hillary Clinton over Trump.\nIt took about a week for this Loser to realize he had no support whatsoever. Then he cried.\nNow hes gone, again. What a Moron.\nHes a RINO who couldnt win before, and now a hack member of the RINO establishment who wants to play spoiler. What a P.O.S. he is.", "section": "BREAKING", "published_date": "2016-06-01T10:20:37-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "mitt-romney-announces-he-will-enter-presidential-race"}
{"title": "50 Tips and Insights About Productivity, Happiness, and Life - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/50-tips-and-insights-about-productivity-happiness-and-life/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Video", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "After Effects Guru: Tracking and Stabilizing Footage - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/after-effects-guru-tracking-and-stabilizing-footage/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "After Effects Guru: Tracking and Stabilizing Footage - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/after-effects-guru-tracking-and-stabilizing-footage-2/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Cheryl Steals Kate Middleton\u2019s Beauty Icon Status - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/cheryl-steals-kate-middletons-beauty-icon-status/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Vogue", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "We Found the Sexiest Lingerie on the Internet - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/we-found-the-sexiest-lingerie-on-the-internet/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.\ngreat web sight you guys are great", "section": "Style Hunter", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The 5 New Watch Trends To Try Now - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-5-new-watch-trends-to-try-now/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Street Fashion", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Five things you may have missed over the weekend - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/five-things-you-may-have-missed-over-the-weekend/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Featured", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Apple sells 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Pluses - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/apple-sells-10-million-iphone-6-and-iphone-6-pluses/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Featured", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Experiencing the new Oculus Rift VR headset - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/experiencing-the-new-oculus-rift-vr-headset/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Featured", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "WhatsApp\u2019s Android app gets a Material Design makeover - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/whatsapps-android-app-gets-a-material-design-makeover/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "OneNote for iOS and Mac lets you attach files - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/onenote-for-ios-and-mac-lets-you-attach-files/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Style Hunter", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "SSL Connectivity for all Central Repository users Underway - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/ssl-connectivity-for-all-central-repository-users-underway/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Street Fashion", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The future steps of Scala \u2013 What to expect from upcoming releases - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-future-steps-of-scala-what-to-expect-from-upcoming-releases/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Entertainment", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "I built an app that does triangulation of points on the earth - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/i-built-an-app-that-does-triangulation-of-points-on-the-earth/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "New Look 2015", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Sandbox to try out the code written in almost all languages - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/sandbox-to-try-out-the-code-written-in-almost-all-languages/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Style Hunter", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "10 Ways to Make Extra Money as a Graphic Designer - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/10-ways-to-make-extra-money-as-a-graphic-designer/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Changing the Way the World Connects", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/changing-way-world-connects/", "text": "The internet is something of an unusual phenomenon. Throughout human history, advancements were made at quite a steady pace. The agricultural revolution, which saw human beings go from nomadic tribes to stationary creatures capable of farming, took thousands of years. The industrial revolution, which transformed the landscape of how people traveled and created goods, lasted a handful of decades and the changes took place over this entire timeline. Now, in the age of the internet, the world seems to change at a rapid, almost erratic, pace with no signs of stopping.\nDue to the advent of the internet, the world has become quite small. It is easy to connect to someone on the other side of the planet in mere seconds. Still, all internet is not treated equally around the world and many are working to make a change in the way that specific countries are connecting.\nA Fall and a Rise\nAfghan American entrepreneur Ehsan Bayat is a figure that took a look at the landscape of the world and decided to change it for the better. After the fall of the Taliban in his home country, he realized that there was a vacuum in connectivity. While other nations used the internet freely, most citizens of Afghanistan were still relying on home telephones to communicate with one another, and there were not even enough phone lines in the nation to support the entirety of the population.\nDeciding that someone had to do something about this disparity, Bayat set out to create Telephone Systems International. Not only is TSI the largest mobile phone company to be found in his homeland, it also has the honor of being the first of its kind in Afghanistan. This move allowed people in Afghanistan to connect in a way that they never had before, opening new doors of thought and awareness on the world as a whole. Bayats work also earned him many humanitarian awards and honors from the global community.\nLimited Exposure\nFor a large portion of the world, connecting to the internet is simple. Most people own a smartphone, and can access any information that they need with the quick tap of a screen. Still, there is a significant number of countries where smartphones are rare. In a country such as Lebanon, for example, it is not uncommon for a specific part of the population to rely on the internet via their smartphones. Though there are not many, there still are a significant number when compared to other nations.\nOn the other hand, countries like Tunisia or the Philippines have statistics that state that citizens are less likely to have smartphones but still rely on their cellphones throughout the day. Though the people of these nations might not be refreshing their Facebook all day long or stalking their friends lunches on Instagram, they still utilize their phones each day for texting and sending pictures. While financial imbalances in these countries might be a large reason for a lack of advanced technology, the desire and the need for internet access are consistently present.\nSatellite Transmissions\nWhile it might seem impossible to boost all of these nations into the modern era, there is a lot of work being done to help where it is possible. World Vision International, for example, is a charity that provides humanitarian support to those in need. Often, the workers from this group who enter nations without proper internet access have a difficult time connecting with others back home. This, in turn, makes it difficult for the organization to know exactly what is going on with their volunteers and employees at all times.\nTo rectify this, World Vision International has begun putting a plan into action that might be able to help the situation. Utilizing satellite technology, the group has found a way to keep in touch with humanitarians where there is no easy access to data transmission. Essentially, transmitters are placed in a spot where the individual will be working, which communicate with a specific satellite in orbit, in order to send and receive information. This technology helps immensely, as it allows the organization to stay connected to workers in the field, and it opens up the doors for untold possibilities in the future.\nMaking Moves\nOther groups are trying to improve access to theinternet across the world in many different ways. A Human Right is an organization dedicated to making the world a more connected place. Their mission is simple: every human has the right to access the internet. The group is more than a clever mantra, and they have tirelessly worked to make changes happen in recent years.\nFor many years, there has been a plan in the works to lay down a fiber optic cable that linked South Africa to Brazil. Referred to as the South Atlantic Express, this cable caught the attention of A Human Right. The organization noticed that the cable was bypassing the island of Saint Helena, denying convenient internet access to thousands. After much petitioning, the group was able to have the cable rerouted, creating a planned landing station on the small island. Now, when the cable begins connecting people in 2017, Saint Helena will be among the many who have easy internet access.\nThere are plenty of ways that people and organizations are trying to connect the world. From Ehsan Bayat to A Human Right, these pioneers are responsible for transforming the landscape and making the world a more equal place for all.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-08-06T00:03:58-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "The internet is something of an unusual phenomenon. Throughout human history, advancements were made at quite a steady pace. The agricultural revolution, which saw human beings go from nomadic tribes to stationary creatures capable of farming, took thousands of years. The industrial revolution, which transformed the landscape of how people traveled and created goods, lasted a handful of decades and the changes took place over this entire timeline. Now, in the age of the internet, the world seems to change at a rapid, almost erratic, pace with no signs of stopping."}
{"title": "Ted Cruz: \"I Will Endorse Donald Trump For President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal\" - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/ted-cruz-to-endorse-trump-for-president-masturbation-illegal/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this The single most important issue facing the country today and that without swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction.\nSelf-love is a silent killer in this country. This needless act of hedonistic indulgence is leading our children down a dark and destructive path. It starts innocently enough with a JC Penney catalogue tucked under your mattress, but it quickly spirals out of control, and before you know it, your mother has to call the coroner because youve died from auto-erotic asphyxiation. Im not saying that we should lock up these one armed bandits and throw away the key; what we need is a compassionate approach that helps these deviants reform and become productive members of society. That is why I believe a prison sentence of three to five years will help motivate these heathens to change their evil ways and stay off the Devils playground for good, Cruz said. Im asking Mr. Trump to acknowledge the severity of this problem, and commit to finding real solutions. If he does that, I will do whatever it takes to help him secure the White House in November. Should Mr. Trump decline, I think its safe to say that all options, including a third party run, are out on the table.\nDonald Trump told ABC News that he was open to the idea, though he refused to take a clear stand on the issue.\nLook, do I think Ted Cruz is right about this? Maybe he is, maybe he isnt. To be honest, I dont know a lot about this subject matter. I dont need to. I have a wife that takes care of this for me, and shes a beautiful wife, the best wife, the greatest wife. My people are going to take a hard look into this matter and find a great answer for it, the best answer there is. I want an endorsement from Senator Cruz, and I think I can go along with his request that makes pleasuring your genitalia for non-reproductive purposes illegal.\nThis is not the first time that Cruz has attempted to use his political power to curtail the act of self-stimulation. As solicitor general of Texas in 2007 he fought to uphold the states ban on sex toys by arguing that there was no Right to stimulate ones genitals. Cruz eventually lost this battle, but the story re-surfaced this year and gained widespread media attention, prompting Cruzs former college roommate Craig Mazin to tweet that Cruzs stance against stimulating ones own genitals was A new belief of his, implying that much of Cruzs time in college was, in fact, spent stimulating his own genitals. Another one of Cruzs former college roommates, Matt Daemon, has recently come forward to corroborate Mazins story.\nAll Ted Cruz did was take care of little Ted Cruz back then, which is fine I guess, but he was always real creepy about doing it. Honestly, I lost track of the number of times I came home to find him laying on the couch naked, lotion and Kleenex next to him, watching re-runs of Walker Texas Ranger. He wouldnt even try and cover up when I caught him, he would just stare at me in the eyes and continue until I left the room. Its absolutely hilarious about the tough stance on touching ones self that Ted has taken in this country. I truly believe he may have pulled on it one too many times and it broke or something and now feels that if he cant do it anymore, then no one can.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she is sickened by the Republican party.\nIt is absolutely disgusting that in this day in age, a creepy weirdo like Ted Cruz was almost elected as the GOP nomination for President, Bradley said. With all the real problems in this country like starvation, so many people out of work and families living on the street, Cruz is focused on making pleasuring yourself a crime. Bradley continued, Also, I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps.\nCruz, however, remains undeterred by his detractors. When you play with your Devil stick or ring the Devils doorbell you make the angels in heaven weep, and they are weeping for this country 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. America needs strong moral leadership, and I pray that Donald Trump is up to the task. The fate of our great nation is in his hands; hopefully, theyre big enough to handle it.\nMost pundits expect Trump to answer Cruzs call and demand a stiffer approach to the matter. A recent poll by the New York Times found that 43% of likely Trump voters support a ban on self-stimulation due to moral and religious concerns. Another 46% would be okay with a ban, saying that they, like Trump, have far too many potential suitors, and therefore do not need to satisfy their own urges. Only 11% of Trump supporters are against a ban.\nRNC political strategist, 37-year-old Paul Horner, calls the move a no-brainer and says that Trump would be foolish to turn his back on Cruz.\nConservatives are siding with Cruz overwhelmingly on this issue. If Donald does not side with the Senator, he risks alienating the partys Christian base and opening the door for a third party run by Cruz which would fracture the vote and all but guarantee a victory for Clinton. Trump needs to agree with Cruz on this one, no matter how creepy, insane and absolutely horrible of a person he is.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the gender reassignment surgery my wife Barbara has always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us. Mikkelson continues, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up any of our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, Id say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.\nRegardless of which side Trump takes on the issue, it is certain to invoke heated debate on both sides of the political aisle. You can voice your opinion about Cruzs proposal by calling the Senators 24-Hour No Self-Love Hotline at (785) 273-0325.\nI hope Donald Trump agrees to this great idea by Ted Cruz! The perverted sick ways of liberals, atheists and Democrats in this country are making this great land of ours go straight to Hell. Lets make America great again! Trump2016!!\nHow do you ban masturbation lol? Its proven to be healthy, and helps with stopping prostate cancer.\nWHO THE HELL HAS THE RIGHT TO TAKE AWAY MY DILDOS!!!!!!!! YOU CAN TRY AND TAKE THEM FROM MY COLD, DEAD HANDS!\nCapdot you are the sicko here.   Do you peek at little boys?   Are you Hasterts buddy.\nI dont care who is our next president, just as long as we get that nigger Muslim out of there thats all that matters to me\nWow, small-minded racist, much?\nWhat a racist! You are the epitome of this racial prejudice problem in this country\nWith great ideas like this, that uphold the sanctity of marriage and family values, Ted Cruz is the only candidate that could have truly made this country great again. It is a shame that he wont be our next President.\nSo, Samantha, you taking care of your man? Remember, blow jobs are killing innocent babies, too.\nDont be lookin at that internet porn and punchin the clown or youll end up in hell!\nDid someone say Matt Daemon?\nI love to rub my pee pee on something soft like satin.\nIt feels so good!\nyou all dumb this isnt even a real article, yes we all know that Cruz would try and pass something as stupid as this and probably believe it was the most important thing the next prez needs to deal with, but no this is just made up bull crap to make Ted Cruz look like an ass.\nHe needs help looking like an ass? i would say he is doing a fine job.\nWhat people do in the privacy of their own home is their business. All I can say is, how can we know when someone is masterbating in their house with anyone knowing about it? Masterbating in public is already deemed as a lude act and suffers penalties.\nI totally agree\nYeh, who are the whistleblowers on this topic; It would be circumstantial anyway.\nI want an answer to this how they plan to get a warrant to take my butt plugs?? ANSWER ME THAT!!!\nLet them come, we will make more!!\nI like to cut a hole in the bottom of a popcorn container for fun at the movies.\nPee Pees Layhouse is my favorite movie.\n@ Captdot there are some really good buttplugs here comrade:\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/GlowFyourself\n@ Captdot if buttplugs are outlawed only outlaws will have buttplugs.\nThere are Bolshevik Bernie, Cheeto Trump and Arkansas carpetbagger Clinton buttplugs available on Etsy comrade.\nThere is also a satanic buttplug and a magic 8 ball buttplug for sale there.\nCaptdot if buttplugs are outlawed only outlaws will have buttplugs.\nEtsy has Bolshevik Bernie, Cheeto Trump, Arkansas carpetbagger Clinton and satanic buttplugs for sale!\nI hope Trump agrees to this!\nWait  this is an The Onion story, right??? Pease, please  right?\nits very easy ,Trump can make it iegal in public\nand you td cz keep your word \nI wouldnt worry about this.  Its just Ted hoisting a flag. Hes always always tossing them off.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-10-04T05:00:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this 'The single most important issue facing the country today' and that without 'swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction'."}
{"title": "Facebook Buys Snapchat For Five Billion Dollars - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/facebook-buys-snapchat-five-billion-dollars/", "text": "MENLO PARK, C.A. (AP)  Facebook announced this morning that it has purchased mobile photo sharing app Snapchat for the price of five billion dollars. The social media titan had previously tried to purchase Snapchat for three billion in 2013, but Snapchats CEO Evan Spiegel rejected the offer, citing his desire to continue growing the company instead of settling for a short term gain.\nThis is a bittersweet moment for us here, Spiegel said in a press conference. Its sad to let go of something that weve put so much time and hard work in, but weve already accomplished so much more than we ever dreamed possible. I feel much better about this than I did in 2013.\nIn an official statement, Facebook said that it intends to phase out the Snapchat app and assimilate the technology into its existing Instagram platform.\nFor the first year, the two apps will exist side by side with Instagram slowly adding more of Snapchats features, said Facebook spokesman Arthur Mitchum, But eventually Snapchat will cease to exist altogether. Once Snapchats technology has been fully integrated into Instagram, it will be pointless for us to continue maintaining two separate platforms.\nIn order to sell users on the change, Facebook is planning a multi-million dollar ad campaign featuring Big Bang Theory actress Kelly Cuoco and Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence. Facebook also indicated that the campaign will feature a male celebrity, whom they have yet to name. According to TMZ, the frontrunners are pop star Justin Bieber and Adam Levine from Maroon 5 and NBCs The Voice.\nReaction to the deal has been mixed thus far, with many excited to see how Facebook will integrate Snapchat with its Instagram app. Others are angry that Facebook plans to shutter Snapchat in favor of Instagram. Twitter user @salteepeanuts tweeted that Mark Zuckerburg wont stop until hes ruined everything good about the internet.\nDr. Cassandra Schmidt of the Center for Integrity in Media has serious concerns about the implications of the deal.\nIts always troubling when you see this kind of media consolidation, Dr. Schmidt told ABC news. We currently have a situation where 6 companies control 90% of traditional media sources. The internet was supposed to change this and give more power to the little guy, but we are still seeing the same tendency toward consolidation. Those Snapchat users who dont like Facebook will be left with few, if any, alternatives.\nThe deal has already generated a tremendous amount of buzz on Wall Street. Facebooks stock is up 20% this morning, but some investors are taking more of a wait and see approach.\nA deal of this scope is really unprecedented in the social media world, said Lawrence Ketchum, who writes about the tech industry for Forbes. It could be a real game changer and turn the entire internet on its head; then again, it could be a real dud and turn into a huge liability for Facebook. Investors will be watching this deal very closely to see how it affects the social media landscape.\nIf you want to learn more about this deal and what it means for you as a consumer, you can call Facebooks public relations hotline at (202) 642-5720.\nI think this is a great move by Facebook!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-10-30T03:15:52-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "MENLO PARK, C.A. (AP) \u2014 Facebook announced this morning that it has purchased mobile photo sharing app Snapchat for the price of five billion dollars. The social media titan had previously tried to purchase Snapchat for three billion in 2013, but Snapchat\u2019s CEO Evan Spiegel rejected the offer, citing his desire to continue growing the company instead of settling for a short term gain."}
{"title": "Ted Cruz Will Endorse Donald Trump For President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/ted-cruz-to-endorse-donald-trump-for-president/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this The single most important issue facing the country today and that without swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction.\nSelf-love is a silent killer in this country. This needless act of hedonistic indulgence is leading our children down a dark and destructive path. It starts innocently enough with a JC Penney catalogue tucked under your mattress, but it quickly spirals out of control, and before you know it, your mother has to call the coroner because youve died from auto-erotic asphyxiation. Im not saying that we should lock up these one armed bandits and throw away the key; what we need is a compassionate approach that helps these deviants reform and become productive members of society. That is why I believe a prison sentence of three to five years will help motivate these heathens to change their evil ways and stay off the Devils playground for good, Cruz said. Im asking Mr. Trump to acknowledge the severity of this problem, and commit to finding real solutions. If he does that, I will do whatever it takes to help him secure the White House in November. Should Mr. Trump decline, I think its safe to say that all options, including a third party run, are out on the table.\nDonald Trump told ABC News that he was open to the idea, though he refused to take a clear stand on the issue.\nLook, do I think Ted Cruz is right about this? Maybe he is, maybe he isnt. To be honest, I dont know a lot about this subject matter. I dont need to. I have a wife that takes care of this for me, and shes a beautiful wife, the best wife, the greatest wife. My people are going to take a hard look into this matter and find a great answer for it, the best answer there is. I want an endorsement from Senator Cruz, and I think I can go along with his request that makes pleasuring your genitalia for non-reproductive purposes illegal.\nThis is not the first time that Cruz has attempted to use his political power to curtail the act of self-stimulation. As solicitor general of Texas in 2007 he fought to uphold the states ban on sex toys by arguing that there was no Right to stimulate ones genitals. Cruz eventually lost this battle, but the story re-surfaced this year and gained widespread media attention, prompting Cruzs former college roommate Craig Mazin to tweet that Cruzs stance against stimulating ones own genitals was A new belief of his, implying that much of Cruzs time in college was, in fact, spent stimulating his own genitals. Another one of Cruzs former college roommates, Matt Daemon, has recently come forward to corroborate Mazins story.\nAll Ted Cruz did was take care of little Ted Cruz back then, which is fine I guess, but he was always real creepy about doing it. Honestly, I lost track of the number of times I came home to find him laying on the couch naked, lotion and Kleenex next to him, watching re-runs of Walker Texas Ranger. He wouldnt even try and cover up when I caught him, he would just stare at me in the eyes and continue until I left the room. Its absolutely hilarious about the tough stance on touching ones self that Ted has taken in this country. I truly believe he may have pulled on it one too many times and it broke or something and now feels that if he cant do it anymore, then no one can.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she is sickened by Ted Cruz.\nIt is absolutely disgusting that in this day in age, a creepy weirdo like Ted Cruz was almost elected as the GOP nominee for President, Bradley said. With all of the real problems in this country such as children going to bed hungry, families worrying about having a roof over their head, so many people out of work; here is Ted Cruz, focused on making pleasuring yourself a crime. Bradley continued, Also, I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps.\nCruz, however, remains undeterred by his detractors. When you play with your Devil stick or ring the Devils doorbell you make the angels in heaven weep, and they are weeping for this country 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. America needs strong moral leadership, and I pray that Donald Trump is up to the task. The fate of our great nation is in his hands; hopefully, theyre big enough to handle it.\nMost pundits expect Trump to answer Cruzs call and demand a stiffer approach to the matter. A recent poll by the New York Times found that 43% of likely Trump voters support a ban on self-stimulation due to moral and religious concerns. Another 46% would be okay with a ban, saying that they, like Trump, have far too many potential suitors, and therefore do not need to satisfy their own urges. Only 11% of Trump supporters are against a ban.\nRNC political strategist, 37-year-old Paul Horner, calls the move a no-brainer and says that Trump would be foolish to turn his back on Cruz.\nThis is a stroke of genius! Conservatives are siding with Cruz overwhelmingly on this issue. If Donald does not side with the Senator, he risks alienating the partys Christian base and opening the door for a third party run by Cruz which would fracture the vote and all but guarantee a victory for Clinton. Trump needs to agree with Cruz on this one, no matter how creepy, insane and absolutely horrible of a person he is.\nRegardless of which side Trump takes on the issue, it is certain to invoke heated debate on both sides of the political aisle. You can voice your opinion about Cruzs proposal by calling the Senators 24-Hour No Self-Love Hotline at (785) 273-0325.\nIll give up masturbation when you pry it from my cold dead hands.\nYES!!!!!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-10-30T03:30:01-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) sent shockwaves through the Republican Party today when he announced that he would endorse Donald Trump for President, but only if the GOP nominee would be willing to publicly support a ban on masturbation. The Senator called this 'The single most important issue facing the country today' and that without 'swift action by the next President the country was doomed to slide down a slippery slope of debauchery and self-satisfaction'."}
{"title": "Gay Wedding Mobile Vans Cashing In On The Legalization Of Gay Marriage - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/gay-wedding-mobile-vans-legalization-of-gay-marriage/", "text": "PHOENIX, A.Z. (AP)  Since the Supreme court ruled in favor of legalizing gay marriage, entrepreneurs around the world have been figuring out ways to cash in.\nPhoenix, Arizona resident, Paul Horner told local news station ABC 15 how he got his business rolling.\nIt was actually really simple, Horner said. I bought a van, fixed it up and added a sweet rainbow paint job. Then I went online and became an ordained minister, took me just a few minutes. Then I bought some camera equipment, flowers and some ingredients to make wedding cakes with; Im good to go!\nThe vans are also licensed to do abortions too.\nI got me an abortion in one of those vans last week, it was great, Shanique Mumbarton told ABC News. I highly recommend one one of these for anyone looking for a great abortion experience.\nThe Paul Horner Gay Marriage Mobile  Picture courtesy of Dennis System AP\nThese are interesting times and there is money in the streets. Who will be there to pick it up, I guess that is the question.\nPraise Fappy!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-03T04:30:37-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "PHOENIX, A.Z. (AP) \u2014 Since the Supreme court ruled in favor of legalizing gay marriage, entrepreneurs around the world have been figuring out ways to cash in."}
{"title": "Actor Bill Murray Announces 2016 Presidential Run - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/actor-bill-murray-announces-2016-presidential-run/", "text": "Bill Murray shocked the country today announcing his run for President in 2016. (Dennis System, File) / APCharleston, SC  From his home in Charleston, South Carolina, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, 65-year-old Bill Murray, shocked the country today by announcing that he will be running for President in 2016.\nIve been thinking about doing this for a while now, and you know, it just seems right, Murray said. I dont like most of the candidates that are currently running for President. I mean, Bernie Sanders seems like a decent guy, but the rest of em, are pretty much complete scum in my opinion. Murray continued, Im always traveling around the world, but Im proud to call America, the good ole U.S. of A, my home. I think theres a lot of great people here, a lot of potential, but theres also a lot of confusion and hate. People dont know what to make of these Hitler wanna-bes like Donald Trump, and the Ted Cruzs, who want to start World War III. They feed on the hate and paranoia a lot of this country has, and because of that, you see them leading in the polls. And its sad that people go along with it, and cant see it for what it really is. I think the American people are better than that and they deserve better. I just feel if I didnt step up and at least try and do something, I dont know if I could sleep at night. Well, I would eventually fall asleep, Im not an insomniac or anything. But it would keep me up, thats for sure. Look, Im no hero, I just want to help out, and I think I can do that by being President. Murray finished by saying, So Im making it official, right here, right now; I Bill Murray am running for President of the United States in 2016.\nWhen reporters asked Murray his plans on improving America, Murray said, I think we ought to be personally responsible. I think if you can take care of yourself and then maybe take care of someone else then thats sort of how youre supposed to live. I think weve sort of gotten used to someone looking out for us, and I dont think any other person is necessarily going to be counted on to look out for us.\nSo far it is unclear what political party Murray will be joining.\nIn 2012, Murray met Obama purely by chance at a basketball game  Murray never endorsed him. In fact, when asked about the Obama/Romney race happening that year, Murray said there really was not much difference between them.\nYou know they both talk, theyre not so different really, you know if you shake them out, theyre not so different as people in what they say they believe its just whether or not they can get it done, and that requires finding that stuff, that real stuff, finding that presence of mind and spirit.\nWhen asked about his religious views, Murray told reporters, Religion is the worst enemy of mankind. People can believe whatever they choose to believe, but it does not belong in politics. It imprisons your mind. Religion creates hate, racism, bigotry and keeps you from your true potential in life. No single war in the history of humanity has killed as many people as religion has. I imagine I probably wont be too popular with the Christian vote in this country, but Im fine with that, Murray laughs.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Murray and his run for President.\nWe need a new face in Washington. Someone who has no political ties or agenda and cant be bought, Bradley said. I actually met Bill Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was amazing; hes such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.\nPaul Horner, a spokesman for the campaign, told reporters that he believes in Bill Murray for President in 2016.\nWe need a man like Bill Murray now more than ever. He is a man of the people. Hes charming, charismatic, intelligent, humble, caring and most of all, hes honest. He has no scandals. Hes told no lies. The people love him and respect him, they believe in him. Hes a living legend and is exactly what America needs right now.\nMurrays campaign team told reporters they will begin campaigning at the Arizona State Capitol on Wednesday, The Lost Leaf at 10PM on Thursday for their monthly Mystery Show to talk to the locals and maybe tell some jokes, and then all throughout Denver, Colorado on Friday.\nBill Murray for President!!!\nBill Frickin Murray!\nWhat is Bill Murray gonna do about all the goddamn terrorists in this country? Nothing, thats what! Donald Trump is the man for the job! Trump2016!!!\nThats right Ronald because Donald Trump is surely well qualified to deal with the terrorists in this country thats been his lifes work when I think of one person who can deal with the war on terror Donald Trump is the first one that comes to mind you go boy makes perfect sense.\nHey man, lets not forget about  Sarah Palin!  Go  Trump /Palin! The GOP ticket that will positively guarantee a Democratic landslide!\nIs it possible Sarah Palin and Kimmie Davis could share being Trumps Vice President?  Palin would never last a full term before she saw a squirrel, ran off and quit and Kimmie.well..she just seems well suited to work with Trump, maybe even as wife number  sorry Ive lost count!\nTrump = first terrorist of your country.\nSorry that title belongs to Obama!\nYou need a mental evaluation .. ASAP .. Bush43 killed 100,000 innocent Iraqis based of intel he knew was false\nReally? Bush43 killed 100,000 over known fake WMD intel in Iraq\nPlease post your address so we can eliminate your DNA since you have a small IQ\nMAKE & other anti-Obama fanatics  Our Honorable President Barack Obama declared WAR on terrorism, as did former Pres George W. Bush.  Now, YOU tell ME how to square that with your uninformed and silly remark!  President Obama is not a terrorist; he has spent his entire Presidency helping us out, like ending the Great Recession of 2008, saving the Big Three Auto Companies (Repubs wanted to let them go), cut unemployment in half, created more jobs in the private sector than in HISTORY, turned a worldwide failed stock market into a very busy and healthy bunch, stopped two wars and kept us out of several more (Ukraine, Syria rebel war), put together the Iran Accord, to where they will never be able to make a nuke, also cobbled the Pacific Rim trade agreement that evens the playing field (some Asian countries treat their employees like slaves with no pay), he reduced the carbon output of our country 20 percent more than ANY OTHER country in the world, went around Congress to help some immigrants stay here (who came as children with their parents and now call the U.S. their home), and again past Congress to encourage making billionaire coal and oil industries clean up their carbon emissions, and he also oversaw the tremendous growth of windmill and solar energy properties.  I could go on, but you get the picture, I HOPE.  Do NOT listen to the rhetoric of Republicans.  Theyre the most conservative senior citizens weve ever had in Congress and they deliberately have blocked nearly every bill the Democrats have tried to get through.  Now, Obama is leaving at the end of this year, and a new DEMOCRAT will be in the White House (I hope, or Im moving out of the country), so remember to also vote a straight Dem ticket so all the Dem Congresspersons will be there to help back up a more modern and responsive government for us, the PEOPLE.\nWhen are you leaving the USA..  ????..\nI have been depressed lately about my employment situation, whether or not I would ever find a job, be able to continue to pay my mortgage, all that typical stuff..you provided the laughter I have missed out on. You really should consider employment as a stand-up comedian you should be able to kill people with your stories. Oh, by the way..what color is the sky in your world?\nHe made jobs in the private sector? That tells me how uninformed you are. Its the PRIVATE SECTOR government has nothing to do with it other the make guidelines they have to follow. Im by no means a Trump supporter but please stop with your stupid comments\nBrilliant!\nWhich ones? The white ones or the brown ones? No let me guess\nRonald Snyder,\nTo be clear, youre endorsing an admitted racist and bigot. Which, by default makes YOU a racist and bigot. Congrats.\nTo be clear, if you support homosexuality you yourself are a homosexual.\nTo be clear, if you condone the sale of weed your support child prostitution and murder.\nTo be clear, if you make these kind of comments your a idiot.\ndoesnt really matter,\ntough times in 4th grade grammar eh?\nAnother Libtard Hipster Doosh speaks. Too funny. Continue\nSays the person that cant even spell their own name. Its Douche. Too funny is right.\nBill has way more experience with the military than Trump does.  I mean, imagine a whole platoon of EM50 Urban Assault Vehicles protecting our southern border from all those Syrian refugees moving through Central America and into Texas.  Not to mention the great job he would do with illegal poltergeists infiltrating the NYC Public library. And just think, no gopher would ever think to set foot on the Whitehouse lawn\nBest. Comment. Ever!\nI would pay money to see what would happen to Drumpfs hair if Bill gave him one of his special Christmas noogies.\nTrump is a cancer on society. He is using the uneducated scared and ignorant to bolster his narcissistic need for the limelight. He has proposed no actual working policy at all. He just keeps feeding lies and fear to his flock.\nAMEN!!!!\nRobert Hemmerly  I could not have been more succinct.  Thanks.\nHas any president really proposed a working policy? I havent heard one yet.\nand its people like you who exemplify the racism, bigotry and hate that is ruining our country.\nDonald Trump is a VICTIM for life like Palin .. basically a useless piece of S\nOh, dont you worry, Bill Murry is really smart, he will certainly get rid of terrorists like Trump!\nI too would like to know what a prospective candidate is going to do about all the right-wing domestic terrorists in this country which greatly outnumber the instances of national terrorist groups attacking the country.\nHow many victims of right-wing domestic terrorists have there been since 2001? Please be specific.\nAre you scared?  I think it would be great to have someone run who actually cares about people and who doesnt have to be loud, rude, and disrespectful to virtually every group of Americans except old bigoted white men.  Good for you, Bill!\nWe already have that. His name is Bernie Sanders and the people dont want him. Bill Murray running assures a Trump victory.\nTrump cant even face Megan Kelly. You think he can face ISIS? Lololol\nLol you dense piece of garbage. Stop being such a chicken-**** pussy and man up, you twat.\nBill Murray will just call his Ghostbuster buddies and theyll blast those terrorists, put them in a little box and keep them locked in there forever.  Dontcha got no smarts people? . . .LOL\nRonald, you do know youre not supposed to chose a President base solely on how well his name rhymes with yours, right?\nIf you think Donald Trump should follow in the footsteps of Washington, Lincoln, and Roosevelt, I truly feel sorry for you.\nIt is only appropriate that Bill Murray run for President as long as a clown like Trump is allowed to run along with the bitch that belongs in jail while the only honest person is being illegally taken out of the race via voter fraud. This whole election is a BIG JOKE!\nA Bill Murray / Bernie Sanders ticket would make me so happy\nHell yes\nFirst a Muslim nigger as President, and now possibly a horrible actor or even a woman what has this county come to?  Donald Trump, please save us! Lets make America great again!\nKlan guy #1:  Look Cleetus, Garys sheet came off and he aint even noticed!\nKhan guy #2:  Holy balls, Jethro, I just LoLd!\nYou are what makes our country just plain messed up\nGary Smith, keyboard coward, instead of posting that filth in your comfy anonymity, lets see you put that on a picket sign and walk through downtown Cincinnati, or any densely populated city. Itll be fun.\nAnother Libtard Hipster Doosh speaks. Too funny. Continue\nGo crawl back in your mothers cunt you ignorant pos.\nMy sentiments exactly Troy. Cowardice and ignorance go hand in hand.\nI think its irony?!\nGrrrrrrrrrrr mister macho man. I promise you youre a gay man. Hi.\nGary you are the stupidest person on the face of the planetnext to Donald Trump that is.\nYou, sir.  Mr. Gary Smith  are either a troll, or a huge bigot, or both.  Im sorry to see freedom of speech put to such poor use.  I hope your hate keeps you warm at night.\nSTFU. Youre not doing any serious Trump supporters any favors. Go vote for Hillary and get it over with retard.\nYoure an idiot.\nYou are a huge ass hole. It doesnt surprise me at all that Youre a Trumpeters! If Icould physically kick your ass through the computer screen I would!!!\nand its people like you who exemplify the racism, bigotry and hate that is ruining our country.\nDO NOT use unacceptable language in these comment sections.  ABC will review these and delete yours.  Also, people who come from a negative space and say stuff like that, it reflects on THEM, not the person they are poorly describing.  If you were to say that in our Presidents presence, his Secret Service would throw you down on the cement, cuff you, and put you in jail for MANY years.  Clean up your act; otherwise only nitwits will listen to you.\nYou know, this is just something that occured to me.\nIf you were to say that in our Presidents presence, his Secret Service would throw you down on the cement, cuff you, and put you in jail for MANY years.\nIf this is true, then weve some truly rough times ahead of us. Even untrue, if there are citizens thinking like this, it is an indication that America is in a pretty sorry state.\nJust think about it for a second.\nOkay, now just in case you couldnt come to this conclusion on your own, consider this:\nAmerica is a Democratic Republic, not some medieval Fiefdom, nor a Sultanate, nor a Despot state, nor anything of that sort. America was founded, by MUCH BLOODSHED, to prevent precisely the type of tyranny you suggest.\nWasnt it?\nThe day Americans lay themselves down at the feet of their government in times of corruption is the day the essence of America truly dies.\nApparently most have forgotten this, however\nJust what exactly do you expect from a TRUMP supporter? Theyre white trash racist scum.\nAre you serious?  What kind of words are those for an American to use?  Did you not go to school?  Im sure your mother is so proud of you!  Yes, you just hold that thought that Trump will save you, and right after that hes inviting you to dine in his gold dining room with his family!  Im sure he would love to have you over as a guest!\nI guess its too late for your mother to abort youdamn.\nWhy dont you and Donald go some place and fondle each others small, white pricks, shut the hell up, and let the grown ups talk.\nThese idiotic pro-Trump comments make me sick\nAgreed!\nLiberal mental patients make me sick\nAhhh youre repeated meaningless comments about liberals are just as cute as your name\nIm not political and dont do political posts but I think I have found my candidate. gunga galunga\nand that pitch fork on that guys chest.  He was REALLY nervous about that scene!  Luv me sum Murray!!  Anyone barking about an actor being president  Bedtime For Bonzo did it for 8 years!\nWatch out for that first debate, its a doozy!\nBING! Amirite or amirite or amirite? Riteriterite.\nMurray/Sanders 2016!!!!! All you racist Trump douchebags can all go jump off a cliff!\nI love you Bill Murray! I want to have all your babies and I hope you get elected president so I can be your First husband.\nIm drunk, but Ill still vote for you, because who else is there to vote for and youre super fucking awesome\nBill Murray 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nBill Murray would actually make a great president. Hes well rounded, loved by all, and actually cares about making this world a better place. He has my vote\nHell yeah.\n@Gary Smith:  Muslim Niggar.  You, sir.  YOU!  You ARE the very example of what is wrong with the country and EXACTLY what needs to be changed to make America great again.  Are you capable of originating a unique thought of your own, or are you doomed to simply regurgitate sound bytes from propaganda which youve heard?  Have you even considered the reality of the idea that IF President Obama were some kind of Muslim mole, inserted by Al Qaeda to infiltrate our government so that they can take us over, hes doing an awfully pitiful job of it? Hes only got a few months left, after all!  As for the second part, Niggar: How do you sleep at night?  You can call gang-bangin thugs or drug dealers that, but that man was a Constitutional Lawyer and went on to be elected President of the United States of America for crying out loud!  What do YOU do for a living?  You damned-sure arent either one of those!  President Obama has more right to call YOU a niggar than you do him, but know something?  he wouldnt.  He wouldnt because he has more class in his pinky than your FAMILY put together-including your father AND your mother!  They raised you, after all, and they ought to be ashamed of themselves!\nRight on!  I was about to lambaste him myself, but you did a masterful job of it.  Thank you!\nExcellent slam dunk on that TPT subhuman.\nBRAVO!!\n Not REKT\n REKT\nThought I was going to have to vote for Santa Claus. Really! Now I vote Bill Murray!!\nGeorge Clooney or Jamie Foxx as running mate. HEy, seriously now, Whoever puts children first as a national priority will get my vote. We need better foster care options, supports for parents without money, and strengthened  response to child harm. If one of the candidates says he or she will triple funding for childrens advocacy, then I am ready to listen with both ears. So far not one candidate has spoken to the needs of children, and you know why? Children dont vote.\nFuck this hippy bullshit! We need a real president to keep us safe from all the terrorists out there. You guys can vote for Caddyshack, but Im voting for a real man like Donald Trump\nNo you arent.\nWhat exactly makes Donald Trump a real man?\nTerrorists are no scarier than the boogyman. The whole reason they use terror is because they cant actually hurt us. I mean, 30K American kill Americans every year, and youre worried about terrorists??? You should be worried about Americans!\nI just learned about Bill Murray for president, and after reading this, he has my vote. Bill Murray for president in 2016!!!\nwow, so many uneducated racists. youre definitely whats going to make America great again. if hitler was trumps running mate you would pass out with excitement and cream your pants. i dont know if bill murray is serious but his complete lack of knowledge how to run a country is still better than that racist douchebag who doesnt care about the average american, donald trump.\nIts all great, anything is possible in America but lets speak English properly first Mr. future President wanna be.  When we refer people, it should be who not that!  Just saying!\nThats how real men, like Bill Murray talk, Connie. Dont ever question how Bill Murray talks ever again\nIf hes speaking to the world representing this great country and great Americans, probably proper English sound more appropriate!  As just Ghost Buster, who cares, but as the President, he should speak proper English.  Again, just saying.\nCan you spot which proper English word you missed in your comment, Ms Bach?\nYou guys voted Bush in. more than once and youre questioning Bill Murrays grammar?\nSounds more appropriate, Connie. You forgot the s.\nJust what we need another huh? another fool in the white house.\nHe probably will run as independent. If he does, Republicans will win. Because hell split the democratic votes in half with Bernie or Hilary. (sorry OMalley).\nCouldnt wait for the ATT  Pro Am to make his arrogance and foolish pride put on display?\nYeah! Bill frickin Murray! I love you man!!\nI like Murrays movies, but hes doing himself a disservice with Ad Hominem attacks like calling Trump and Cruz Hitler Wannabes.\nI would sooner shove a sharpened pencil up my peehole than vote for Murray, or live in a country where Murray had any kind of power outside of his monolithic ego\nwouldnt a dull pencil hurt more??!! isnt that what youre going for?  j/s\n@beast You know, you never know unless you try. Vote Trump and find out what it really feels like.\nWell honestly I think that religion comment would make him lose a lot of votes. But even as a Muslim I can still see a lot of truth in what he said. Religion never do politics justice. I hope most will still do the right thing and vote for him.\nAlso as an Indonesian, I also believe that terrorism is very real threat and should be a priority. But I think people like Trump is definitely not the right person for the job. Just because Murray sounds like a person whos more a candidate for peace rather than the iron curtain doesnt mean that he cant be firm when it comes to terrorism. I think he deserves a chance and it will all comes down to what he says in the debates.\nShame I wont be able to vote for America because if hes got good arguments I would love to vote for him.\nBill Murray 2016!\nWell honestly I think that religion comment would make him lose a lot of votes. But even as a Muslim I can still see a lot of truth in what he said. Religion never do politics justice, especially on the modern stage. I hope most will still do the right thing and vote for him.\nAlso as an Indonesian, I also believe that terrorism is very real threat and should be a priority. But I think people like Trump is definitely not the right person for the job. Just because Murray sounds like a person whos more a candidate for peace rather than the iron curtain doesnt mean that he cant be firm when it comes to terrorism. I think he deserves a chance and it will all comes down to what he says in the debates.\nI have lots of hope for America, I do believe she has the most potential to make the world a better place for all to live in. But her current foreign policy will not make it a reality. Lets face it. Its shit.\nShame I wont be able to vote for America because if hes got good arguments I would love to vote for him.\nBill Murray 2016!\nIf he wins it will be a Cinderella story.\nI would never vote for anyone who endorsed a socialist like bernie sanders YUCK!\nMan, as much as I love Bill, if he follows through with this hell just be taking away young votes from Bernie, and Bernie needs all the votes he can get. Honestly Bill cant win, but he can dilute the young vote and push Hilary towards the nomination, which would mean another corporately owned president should she win the presidency.\nthe  Democratic party feels its time to push their socialist/communist agenda, because young people today dont know or remember communism of the 60s and 70s in Europe and especially the USSR.  I remember, when Olga Korbet won her Gold Medal in gymnastics, she was interviewed afterwards and was asked what was she feeling? how excited, etc?  and her answer was basically that she was so happy now because she will have a dishwasher in her apartment.  Now, how would young Americans feel about that today?  That, my friends, is Communism.\nWhat AN interestING website SErved that (UP). Dot COM, we all know and love. DOT co, hmmmm. But DOT com DOT co, bleuhhhhhh, is that short for COMEDY COMPAny BY any CHance? Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.\nWill he legalize Marijuana??\nI agree with about half of what Murray had to say in this article.\nThis exceeds my agreement with any other candidate.\nBill for President, hes got my vote.  And hey, he could license Bill the Cat from Berke Breathed for a campaign mascot!  BOINGERS 4EVER WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\nIm danish but the trump thing makes rest of the world giggle n say HAVE YOU ALL F LOST IT OVER THERE Bill sounds like a choice of a smart man whos not in all the politician anger n hate machine\nHe has my vote ! Yeah Bill Murray!\nWhy has no one said A-murray-ca yet?\nbill, you can use my line when i ran for mayor in 2002 in victoria b.c. canada. you are all to stupid to vote for me and i can prove it by who you voted for last time.\nbill, you can use my line i used when i ran for mayor of victoria b.c. canada in 2002. YOU ARE TOO STUPID TO VOTE FOR ME AND I CAN PROVE IT BY WHO YOU VOTED FOR LAST TIME.\nGo for it Bill. I think you would have a great chance and you would have many many people that will/are standing behind you.\nI dont know whether laugh or cry Its difficult to visualize any of the candidates as President.\nBill Murray is da man!  As far as comedy value I think Murray even has Trump beat, not by far though! Wow, Murray for Pres and Trump for VP and were talking heaven for those of us who need a good laugh/scare now and then!\nWhoever wrote this needs to run for president\nGot to love the fact the first religion that comes to his mind is Christians. Really Bill? Love ya movies and ideas but come on. Too afraid to mention the Jews? Theyre the main reason the middle east is in turmoil. If Bill was talking about the Catholic Church, Id agree but there are many groups of Christians that are on your side Bill.\nYeah bill murray! Finally a candidate i can support!\nMaybe hell throw your cell phone off the roof! I love Bill Murray, but not for President.\nTo all the fucking idiots who are getting up in arms over thisyou realize Bill Fucking Murray is a comedian, dont you? You people are the reason the country is shit. Libturd or Conservatwatspeople too stupid to have sense of humor need to be rounded up, sterilized, and then put away. Joke or not, he has my vote. At least hes intentionally hilarious, rather than simply so pathetic that its funny like the clown currently in office and the serious contenders.\nI am officially coining the hashtag: #ImJustABill2016 .\nBill Murray 2016.  Who ya gonna call?\nIf Mr. Murray wishes to don his Ghostbusting outfit once more, there are a lot of em in Congress that could use a blast from crossed streams.\nSure, why not!?!\nAt least hes a professional clown, unlike the other clowns running.\nAnd then when he becomes elected the whle US will be stuck in a perpetual Ground Hogs Day\nBill Murray, you are awesome I have always been a big fan.\nIm going to pretend that I didnt read that you think Bernie is a decent guy.\nI really dont want to start disliking you. I hope youre just kidding.\nHe sure is a lot funnier than Al Franken\nBill Murray sounds better than any of the others running! Hes got my vote!\nHands-down single best person for the job. I will do anything necessary to make it happen someone please contact me to help.\nBrad\nI love you Bill Murray!!\nok i love how everyone who is opposed to Trump thinks all of his supporters are rooting for him because of fear. wtf! this country has lost its way. we need a protected border. mexico has a wall on its southern border, the vatican is surrounded by a wall. israel has a wall. the purpose of a wall is to keep out illegals so the people immigrating legally are funneled through the correct check points to gain entrance to this country. this will help keep down the number of people we dont want in here such as terrorists, rapists, and murderers. thats not fear thats called being smart.\npolitical correctness is hurting all of us! oh did someone say something that hurt your feelings? suck it up! grow thicker skin. it builds character. bullies are needed so people learn how to stand up for themselves. no one knows how to deal with anything anymore because everyone is so sensitive. when the hell did that happen!? this is unacceptable. stop whining and stand up for yourself. either throw a punch or sling your own insult to show them youre not an easy target. stop taking life so seriously!\nconcealed carry permit should reciprocate to everywhere within the us like a drivers license. criminals will always break the law and carry guns they shouldnt have. police are not required to protect you. you need to protect yourself. NYC and DC dont allow conceal carry. all the bankers and politicians are there. they do not want citizens armed aorund them? hmmmm sounds like they are the ones living in fear to me. wonder why?\nBFM!!! Murray for President! KCCO!!!\nInteresting he didnt call out the scum that is Hillary. Shes the worst of them all. Shell say anything to get elected and is the biggest coward on any stage.\nI love how you all think terrorist are your worst problem and thats why you are willing to support such a vile man as trump, the media has obviously done a great job for said terror groups..  so much so that your willing to vote for someone who has raped his ex wife and forced her by law to never discuss it  and is clearly a lunatic and a very bad public face for the USA.. your biggest threat to America is Americans! thats why the rest of the world is watching your presidential elections in pure disbelief! all this talk of immigrants, terrorists rapists, mexicans, murderers is bullshit.. the fuct up country that you are has created all of those things within the very heart of the USA.. you all need to grow some brains and embrace someone with a more positive view of the future\nTrump supporters. Do you realise you have more chance of chocking on a peanut than dying at the hands of a terrorist, why dont you try to ban them while you are at it, those pesky vicious little nuts.\nBut on a more serious note, more chance of being killed by your own police, or by some white dude with a gun who decides one morning to wake up and shoot the hell out of a school, a theatre or another public space. But, yeah, theyre white, they cant be terrorists.\nWHat the hell!! If Trump can run, why not Bill!!\nI was talking about Bill yesterday.great guy.is he serious? Ill vote for him!!\nRun as independent!!!\nYeah Bill frickin Murray!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-10-03T10:00:28-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Charleston, SC \u2014 From his home in Charleston, South Carolina, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, 65-year-old Bill Murray, shocked the country today by announcing that he will be running for President in 2016."}
{"title": "Ted Cruz Ups The Stakes: \"If Trump Debates Me One-On-One, I Will Wear Makeup\" - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/cruz-will-wear-makeup-if-trump-accepts-one-one-debate/", "text": "Des Moines, Iowa  The Super Pacs supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz have upped the ante in hope that a one-on-one debate with Donald Trump happens.\nSince we have not heard back from Donald Trump, weve decided to up the stakes. Were confident that Trump will chicken out, but if he doesnt, and does debate Ted Cruz one-on-one, in addition to us donating $1.5 million to veterans, Cruz will also wear womans makeup during the entire debate, Paul Horner, a spokesman for the Keep the Promise I Super PAC said. There is no way that Trumps ego can pass up an offer this good, Horner laughs.\nAt a rally Wednesday, Cruz renewed his proposal to Trump for a separate one-on-one debate, after the billionaire candidate announced hed skip Thursdays debate because he objects to moderator Megyn Kelly.\nIf Donald finds Megyn so terribly frightening, I yesterday suggested an alternative. He and I are the leading candidates in this state right now, so how about the two of us in a one on one debate mano-a-mano? Cruz told the crowd. And Im going to propose a venue: Western Iowa Tech, Saturday night in Sioux City  we already have it reserved.\nThen, he laid out the conditions: Eight oclock, Saturday night. A two-hour, one-on-one debate. Now, if gentle Donald cannot handle Megyn Kelly, how about  for a moderator, instead  Mark Levin? Or if he doesnt like Mark Levin, how about Sean Hannity? And if he doesnt like Sean Hannity, how about Rush Limbaugh?\nAnd if none of the three conservative radio hosts met with Trumps approval, he had another idea.\n[I]f gentle Donald is frightened by Mark and Sean and Rush, then well have no moderator whatsoever. A town hall of Iowans, and Ill tell you what, Donald, you can invite half the people and control half the tickets. Well invite half the people and half the tickets, and each of us will alternate asking questions from the men and women of Iowa who are going to vote in the caucus on Monday night, Cruz offered.\nCruz admitted that he doesnt really expect Trump to accept the challenge.\nBecause at the end of the day, its not really that Donald is afraid of Megyn. Its not that hes afraid of Mark or Sean or Rush. Its not that hes afraid of me, Cruz explained, wrapping up his case against the billionaire. Hes afraid of you. He doesnt want to answer questions from the men and women of Iowa about how his record doesnt match what hes selling.\nThe original offer, made by Super PACs supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz, told reporters they will donate $1.5 million to charities committed to helping veterans if rival Trump agrees to a one-on-one debate with Cruz.\nNot only would this be a heck of a debate, but it would also be a terrific opportunity to generate millions of dollars for the veterans, the Keep the Promise I and II PACs said in a joint statement Wednesday night.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she hopes Trump will accept the offer by Cruz for a one-on-one debate.\nIt boils down to the fact that Cruz and Trump are both just pure evil. If Cruzs Super Pac donates the money with no story, they dont get their headlines. If they do something like this, to get the story, it gives Ted Cruz an opportunity to look like a hero in the eyes of his fans if Trump backs down. And if Trump agrees, it will be a fun circus attraction to watch. But most importantly, veterans will get $1.5 million and Ted Cruz will have to wear makeup, Bradley said. Even though Ted Cruz is evil incarnate, this is the only thing his campaign has ever done that I actually support.\nMegyn Kelly of Fox News, a moderator at Iowas debates on Thursday said she hopes Trump will accept the offer made by Cruz.\nWill Donald Trump man up and do this or will he chicken out? I for one would love to see veterans get $1.5 million, and maybe even more so, see what Cruz looks like with eye liner.\nTrump will pussy out and not do this! Go Ted Cruz!!\nI hope this will get Trump to agree to a 1 on 1 debate with Cruz!\nDonald Trump would destroy this clown Cruz!! Thats what he does for a living, and you will see him become President! He will make America great again!\nThis is dangerous ground for Ted Cruz, in my opinion he has no sense of fashion.\nI seriously doubt that he will do his own makeup so its going to be fake anyway.\nEven if he does get his makeup right Donald Trump will rip apart his fashion accessories.\nTed Cruz is the type person that would wear Ugg boots to attract younger votersa nd that would alienate older voters like myself.\nThis really is a win-win situation for Donald Trump andthe United States of America.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-01-29T08:30:56-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Des Moines, Iowa \u2014 The Super Pac's supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz have upped the ante in hope that a one-on-one debate with Donald Trump happens."}
{"title": "DNC Involved in Joint Investigation into Clinton Coin Toss - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/dnc-involved-in-joint-investigation-into-clinton-coin-toss/", "text": "DES MOINES, IOWA A full scale investigation has been launched following a discovery of potential corruption in the Iowa caucus by a local. Black Box Voting, a nonpartisan investigative organization dedicated to preserving the integrity of elections has joined with the Democratic National Committee over allegations that a coin toss to decide six total delegates for Secretary Hillary Clinton over Senator Bernie Sanders was fixed in her favor.\nWATCH: Hillary Clinton won six delegates on Monday in six tied political regons by coin toss, the legitimacy of which has been called into question.\nABC News interviewed Liz Krupa, the 19 year old who claims to have found evidence of Clintons fraud.\nWell, I was shocked a coin flip was considered a fair way to decide delegates in the case of a tie. It is 2016 after all. I saw Sanders lose the flip, and all I could think about was when I was in elementary school I used to bend coins with my teeth in order to give myself an unfair advantage over bets. With that thought, when Liz saw the caucus worker put the coin on a table, it was her immediate reaction to grab it. I felt bad for taking it, but I ended up getting out my phone and I recorded myself flipping it seven times before two big men noticed me. Every flip was tails. At this point, the coin was taken back from Krupa, and the men, likely security guards, insisted that she delete the video she had taken, and then tried to confiscate her phone. When she refused, the men physically and forcibly removed her from the Desmond caucus location. I was thinking, maybe this was just strange chance. It wasnt until security acted forcibly towards me that I knew I needed to send the video somewhere for investigation.\nHillary Clinton has come under fire for several controversies recently, the most recent being a massive scandal with government emails being stored on a private server. As a result, she has gained the reputation among many voters to be dishonest. She won six out of six total delegates in the coin toss, giving her an extra edge in over Sanders, who nearly tied with her for votes. Statistically, the chance of Clinton winning all six coin tosses is a mere 1.6%. Once Black Box Voting received the video, they promptly launched an investigation, with the Democratic National Committee joining the investigation soon after.\nWhen CBS News asked Lisa Heddons, the woman who flipped the coin in Desmond, on early Tuesday who she supported in her bid for the president, she originally maintained a position of no bias. However, with later pressing, she admitted she favored Clinton over Sanders. When CBS News began to press further questions about the legitimacy of the coin toss, interviewers were swiftly and curtly asked to leave.\nBlack Box Voting refuses to make an official statement claiming whether this case is being considered fraud currently. Regrettably, they will also not release the video of the coin flip until further study of the legitimacy of the local video and investigation into Clintons campaign are concluded.\nABC News will continue to bring the most up-to-date news on the matter.\n\n    google_ad_client = \"ca-pub-4276298838260942\";\n    google_ad_slot = \"3925202114\";\n    google_ad_width = 336;\n    google_ad_height = 280;\nWhat should we expect from the camp of the most corrupt and power-mad candidate in livingor dyingmemory? Hillary Clinton should be wearing stripes and manacles around those cankles.\nDid she know? No idea. Would she care as long as she won? Absolutely not. She is a text book example of the worst that power, wealth and access can affect on a person.\nThe only good reason to keep Gitmo open is in my vain hope she and her enablers are sent there to rot in the tropical sun. It would be too good for her but welcome, nonetheless.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-03T11:00:54-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "DESMOND, IOWA - A full scale investigation has been launched following a discovery of potential corruption in the Iowa caucus by a local. Black Box Voting, a nonpartisan investigative organization dedicated to preserving the integrity of elections has joined with the Democratic National Committee over allegations that a coin toss to decide six total delegates for Secretary Hillary Clinton over Senator Bernie Sanders was fixed in her favor."}
{"title": "Bill Murray Saves Life Of Phoenix Man By Performing Heimlich Maneuver - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/bill-murray-saves-life-of-choking-man/", "text": "Phoenix, AZ  In a scene straight from the movie Groundhog Day, Bill Murray saved the life of a man who was choking while dining at a popular steakhouse in Phoenix, Arizona today.\nMurray was enjoying a meal at Meritage Steakhouse with friends when a man three tables from him began to choke on his food.\nI saw this guy choking, so I went over and helped him out, Murray said. I actually learned the Heimlich maneuver while working on the movie Groundhog Day. Im glad I was able to get some good use of that skill outside of the movies. Murray continued, Im no hero. I just did what anyone else would have done in a situation like that.\n37-year-old, Paul Horner, told ABC News how Murray saved his life.\nI guess I just took too much of a bite of streak because suddenly I couldnt breathe and started choking. My wife says I started to turn blue, and the next thing I know, none other than Bill Murray is giving me the Heimlich maneuver, Horner says. It was an amazing experience and he is such a good person. I offered to pay his tab and the party he was with, but he wouldnt let me. He did say I could buy him a drink though, so thats what I did. He then ate one of my french fries and told me that no one will ever believe me. It was so surreal.\nTom Downey, who witnessed the incident, told local news station ABC 15 about the days excitement.\nThis man started choking, so without hesitation, Bill Murray got up from his table, ran over to this gentleman and immediately started giving him the Heimlich. While everyone else in the restaurant was wondering what to do, Murray stepped up and saved the day. What a cool guy.\nMurray told ABC News he will be in the Valley this week staying with friends and enjoying the sites.\nThis week I plan on going to a couple things with friends and tonight will probably end up at the Tempe Improv. Theres a couple comics playing there that Ive been wanting to see for a while now. I might tell some jokes if I feel like it, well see. I really like bartending. Maybe theyll let me do that. Regardless, it should be a fun time for everyone.\nParamedics said the man who Murray saved is doing fine and walked away from the scene on his own accord.\nWhat a great guy! So cool!\nBill frickin Murray!!!\nSuch a badass, living legend!\nTo bad he couldnt save the new Ghost Busters movie.\nBill Murray, a living legend!!\nThank you Bill Murray for keeping the streets clean and saving lives!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-04-06T05:00:37-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Phoenix, AZ \u2014 In a scene straight from the movie Groundhog Day, Bill Murray saved the life of a man who was choking while dining at a popular steakhouse in Phoenix, Arizona today."}
{"title": "New McDonald's In Scottsdale Run Entirely By Robots - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/new-mcdonalds-in-scottsdale-run-entirely-by-robots/", "text": "A McDonalds restaurant in Scottsdale, Arizona is employing nothing but robots to run its daily operations and entire workforce. (AP Photo/Dennis System)Scottsdale, AZ  After seeing a decline in earnings for the first time in nine years, McDonalds has begun to do something no other restaurant of its kind has ever done before; open stores run entirely by robots.\nThe store is set to open May 1st in Scottsdale, Arizona once the state-of-the-art robot remodel is complete. The restaurant will still employ a small team of human employees to insure all of the robots are working correctly, the food and cleaning supplies remain stocked along with removing the money collected by the robots. Visitors to the restaurant will see these new robots working in harmony at a speed of 50 times faster than the average McDonalds employee, with no chance of error. The reason for the new robot-run-store in Scottsdale is the success of their Phoenix restaurant that opened back in July that is also run entirely by robots.\nI just love the robots at that McDonalds in Phoenix, 38-year-old Brian Mullan said. I tell the robot what I want to eat, I then put money in their little robot hands, and within minutes, a cute little robot is bringing me out my food. Theyre way better than humans, plus I dont like people to begin with. They should just burn this whole system down and rebuild, but until that happens, I sure do like the robots at McDonalds.\nThe Scottsdale stores new manager, Peter Gibbons, told ABC News that he has worked with the robots at a product development facility in San Francisco for the last six months and speaks highly of the machines.\nThese things are great! They get their work done in a fast and orderly manner, plus they dont ask for cigarette breaks.\n37-year-old Paul Horner, a spokesman for McDonalds told reporters that because of the demand for a $15/hr minimum wage, the company has been playing with the idea of a restaurant run entirely by robots for years and believes their McRobots are the answer.\nWith the high demand for a minimum wage of $15/hr and the protests getting worse every day, this is something we had to implement. Plus with the tremendous margin of human error, poor hygiene, lack of education, laziness, as well as the recent advancements in artificial intelligence it just make sense to automate our restaurants now rather than later.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate in Arizona with brand new socks told ABC News that she approves of a $15/hr minimum wage increase.\nWe see so many homeless people that work 40 hours a week, and that is just ridiculous, Bradley said. I think anyone not being claimed on someone elses taxes deserves to make at least $15/hr. Some people just dont have the physical or mental capability to get better jobs or go to college. I think in a country as great as ours, it is just sad that there are so many adults working 40 hours a week that have to worry about putting a roof over their head and food in their belly.\nLocal Phoenix resident, 52-year-old Tom Downey, who has been unemployed for the last 3 years, was excited about the opening of a nearby McDonalds until he heard about the robots.\nNow that they hire only robots, I dont know what I can even do. I dont have an education, a car, and now Im not gonna even be able to get a burger job. Just the thought of having to go to the state unemployment office and stand in line with those scumbags!\n42-year-old Milton Waddams, an unemployed fast food worker, told reporters he is extremely disappointed by the decision to employ only robots instead of humans.\nThe McDonalds had my resume, I had already completed two job interviews there and they said I was scheduled to work once the new store opened and said they would return my phone call but they never called, Waddams said. I need a job I said, and I was told by Betty in HR that they have my resume on file, but they never called, and Sandra told me to talk to Bill, and then I hear of the robots instead of regular humans and thats not what I asked for. And I need the job I told them, but theres robots, so now Im going to have to find another place of employment. And they were big giant robots, and I said no, no robots at McDonalds. I could set the building on fire.\nFormer grill cook, Tom Smykowski, from the original Phoenix McDonalds location before it was shutdown for robot repairs and upgrades, is still mad about losing his job.\nYou know there are people in this world who dont have to put up with all this? Smykowski told FOX News. You see, thats what you have to do. You have to use your mind and come up with some really great idea like that and you never have to work again, but Smykowskis friendly attitude suddenly turns to anger, Well-well look. I already told you: I dealt with the go*damn employees so the customers would get the correct order. I have people skills; I am good at dealing with people. Cant you understand that? What the hell is wrong with you people?\nHorner said he is excited to pave the way to a more automated workforce, hence a more reliable and affordable one.\nRobots are the future of McDonalds in the United States and around the world, Horner said, Human workers want more pay and this has created giant protests which need our attention now before it is too late. Robots will decrease prices, increase productivity and make for better food. Horner continued, Human beings were not meant to stand and make burgers all day, filling out useless forms and listening to eight different bosses drone on about about mission statements. Now Ive had a chance to meet with some of these robots, and boy, they are just straight shooters with upper management written all over them.\nThe new robot McDonalds will be located on the Southwest corner of Camelback and Miller. McDonalds says that if the store is a success, 25,000 more robot-run restaurants will be built in the next three years. It is still unclear at this time what the robots look like or how customers will complete transactions as this information is being kept under strict confidentiality, but come July these questions will be answered. Will it be the right or wrong decision for McDonalds? In the end, it will come down to what is best for the shareholders and the customer. The employees hoping to make $15/hr so they can afford basic human needs such as shelter and food; it looks like they will have to wait in line.\nIf you have any further questions about the robot-run establishment, McDonanlds has setup a 24-hour robot hotline at (785) 273-0325.\nI for one welcome our new robot overlords\nThey need to raise the minimum wage now before there is more homeless people!\nIts so sad that a grown man or women can work 40 hours a week and still be homeless. This country needs to do something about this and now! I like the idea of only raising the minimum wage for adults or those who cant be claimed by anyone\nAwesome!!!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-04-08T02:07:21-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Scottsdale, AZ \u2014 After seeing a decline in earnings for the first time in nine years, McDonald's has begun to do something no other restaurant of its kind has ever done before; open stores run entirely by robots."}
{"title": "Drug Kingpin Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman Escapes Mexican Prison For The Third Time - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/drug-kingpin-el-chapo-escapes-mexican-prison-once-again/", "text": "Prison guards searching the grounds of Altiplano maximum security prison after El Chapo was reported missing. (Dennis System, File) / APMEXICO CITY, MEXICO (AP)  Early this morning, drug kingpin Joaquin El Chapo Guzmn, head of the Sinaloa Cartel, escaped from theAltiplano maximum security prison once again.\nIt is unclear at this point what exactly happened, but these are the details ABC News has received from Mexican officials so far:\n\nAs you can see this drug is similar to adderall and how adderall works when you can buy adderall online as explained in http://www.buyadderallxr247.com/.\n\n5:35 AM: Guzmn was taken in restraints by two prison guards on a routine cell transfer.\n6:05 AM: Prison staff could not locate Guzmn or the two prison guardss whereabouts. The prison was put on lockdown as personnel went looking for them.\n7:15 AM: A prison van was found abandoned only a mile away from the prison. Mexican officials believe the two guards, who began working at the prison just months ago, were actually members of the Sinaloa Cartel working for Guzmn.\nBefore todays escape, Mexican officials were working to extradite El Chapo to the United States, where he faced drug trafficking charges connected to his cartel, authorities said.\nThis is now the third time Guzmn has escaped from a Mexican prison and brings into question Mexicos ability to keep corruption out of its penal system.\nIn 1993,Guzmn was captured in Guatemala, extradited and sentenced to 20 years in prison in Mexico for murder and drug trafficking. In 2001, after bribing Mexican prison guards, he was able to escape from a federal maximum-security prison in 2001. On February 22nd, 2014, Guzmn was found inside his fourth-floor condominium in Mazatln, Sinaloa, and was captured without any gunshots being fired. Guzmn escaped from prison again on July 11th, 2015 by exiting through a tunnel that led to a nearby construction site. He was recaptured by Mexican marines following a shootout at Guzmans hideout in Mexico on January 8th, 2016. During the raid, five gunmen were killed, six others arrested, and one Marine was wounded. The Mexican Navy said that they found two armored cars, eight assault rifles, including two Barrett M82 sniper rifles, two M16 rifles with grenade launchers and a loaded rocket-propelled grenade launcher. A .50-caliber rifle was also found, capable of taking down a helicopter. Most of the weapons seized, including the .50 caliber rifle, were from the Fast and Furious gun-smuggling scandal, a story the U.S. government declared to be over.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she is sickened by the United States drug policies.\nThe war on drugs is a joke and long-lost battle, Bradley said. The U.S. creates these cartels by making drugs illegal in the first place. They lock up people in jail for as little as a joint of marijuana. All the incarcerations related to drugs have helped fund a trillion-dollar penal system; from its lawyers, to judges, to the prison staff and the actual prisons themselves. All of it is just pathetic and truly a sad reality. Bradley continued, Also, I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the gender reassignment surgery my wife Barbara has always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us. Mikkelson continues, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up any of our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, Id say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he believes in what El Chapo is doing.\nEl Chapo stopped all of the masturbation at his prison and felt his work in stopping self-rape could be used elsewhere. It was time for him to move on. So brave! Praise El Chapo!\nAfter news of the escape, Paul Horner, a U.S. Marshal, working along with Mexican officials, spoke to local law enforcement.\nListen up, ladies and gentlemen. Our fugitive has been on the run for 90 minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground, barring injuries, is 4 miles-an-hour. That gives us a radius of six miles. What I want out of each and every one of you is a hard-target search of every gas station, residence, warehouse, farmhouse, henhouse, outhouse and doghouse in that area. Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles. Your fugitives name is Joaquin El Chapo Guzman. Go get him.\nU.S. Officials along with Mexican authorities have setup a 24-hour hotline at (785) 273-0325 for anyone with information about the whereabouts of Joaquin El Chapo Guzman. A $10 million dollar reward is currently being offered and as always, you can remain anonymous.\nThis is ridiculous! The corruption in Mexico is beyond belief! And of course Obummer is doing nothing to stop it. Pathetic!\nNo you genius. If youre dumb enough to think that Obama can single-handedly solve the drug crisis, then youre incredibly stupid.\nJorge, you are absolutely right.\nObama cannot solve the drug crisis, he is part of it!\nDave, even Price got a prescribed opioid that comes basically from Afganistan, but also from Mexico.  The high crime mountainous area in Mexico between the  Sierra Madre Occidental and the Pacific is where poppy seeds grow freely with the oversight of Mexican and American governments.  This did not start recently.  Back in WWII, Americans started growing the drugs in Mexico to keep its soldiers with stamina.   Now, it is prescribed by doctors. We have in America a high dependency in prescribed opiods.  Just recently, Prince died of an overdose.  This has to stopped because doctors are killing young Americans mentally and physically.  We need to make Americans aware of this problem; and prevent it !!  I know it first hand !!  My beautiful and adorable hubby was ill for 15 yrs.  And his doctor prescribed him 16 Tylenols with Codein (opiod) per day !!   I only allowed him to take one pill per day; and controlled his pains with  IcyHot and Arnica mixed and warmed up.   He was never addicted after 20 yrs.\nMarcia I feel for you me than you will ever know although I do have to say after all of the years you say your husband was taking even 1 a day his body still developed a dependincy on these horrible opiads that Dr,s  so freely perscrine to patients these days And now the goverment and big pharma is jacking prices sky high on or just kicking patiants off all at once instead Of tapering them off which would be more help then what they are doing now as they are driving some of these people back or to for the 1st to the very nasty deadly herion. This is a very serious problem in this country that has been going on for far to many decades And should have had more attention brought to it until now. Keep Up the great work if educating the public on the terrible addictions these Dr,s have imposed and profited off of the 1s that put their trust into them for help when what they actually were doing was creating opiad addicts and destroying the lives of the very 1s they were supposed to be helping.\nyou stupid twat Codeine is NOT an opioid (morpheme based)  it is cocaine based.\nand thats just the beginning example of your stupidity\nGOOD NOW MABY EL CHAPO WILLDO GOOD ON HIS PROMISE TO GET RID OF DON-ASSSS TRUMP. ASAP!   ALL REPUBLICANS ARE GOD DAMN RACIST SONS OF BITCHES. AND RACIST BIGOTS. WE NEED GUN LAWS NOW. AND THE GOP ARE RESPONCIBLE FOR ALL THIS MADNESS TRUMP IS PURE SHIEST. SHIEST WITH A RUG AS HIS BRAIN. LYING TRUMP. THAT IS HIS NEW NAME..REPUBLICAN SO CALLED christians ARE PORNO FREAKS. THEY ADORE TEATS AND ASS WHAT IS WRONG HERE????\nI do not want the Racist bigot DONALD DICK TRUMP ANY WHERE NEAR THE WHITE HOUSE! WHAT IS NEXT FOR THE REPUBLICAN CHRISTIANS???????\nA RACIST BIGOT AND AN IMMIGRANT STRIPPER IN THE WHITE HOUSE?????? NO FRIGGIN WAY! WHERE ARE THE REAL CHRISTIANS????\nWHAT A COMPLETE ASSHOLE LYING PIECE OF CHICKEN CRAP TRUMP.\nThe GOP Party is the Party of NO and Obstructionism  They do not know governance and are the undoing of the middle class and America as we know it. They need to become extinct like the dead dinosaurs The good old boys, white, bigoted , hateful , prejudiced ,extreme, religious right , conservative party. They do not represent America or its people  Only the 1% and their controllers.\nyou useless pile of scum. trump is the only chance at removing the corruption from the whole fucked up system.!!! take your head out of your ass. bigot? who gives a fuck if hes a bigot or racist.  being racist will keep the shitskin muslims out of north america and prevent them from blowing up more innocent americans.\nYoure an idiot! The GOP racist?.?.? Fuck off and read a book. The Democratic party didnt vote to free slaves or make freed slaves civilians and the right to vote that was all Republicans you retard. The Democratic party did create the KKK AND American socialism. You are whats wrong with this country. Idiots that spew hatred and have no idea about history or facts. Get your shit straight you socialist piece of corrupt shit.\nFucking idiot learn history\nDemocrats have been the racist party since the beginning.\nObama isnt going to solve Mexicos problems\nMaybe he should be Hillary running mate\nYoure right, Oscuma can do nothing about it, its Mexico, not the US.\nHe (Obama) could stop supplying the cartels with military weapons\nwell tell your mom to sober up and stop funding the cartels.. that damn drug whore..\nGod bless america.\nI am starting to think half of America fell out the stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down. You idiots want to try and blame President Obama for everything. It is amazing at how many ignorant people there are in the world today.\nIf the American majority werent addicted to these drugs, Mexico would look for another source to supply drugs to, but I dont think theyll find another country with more addicts than we have Sad but True..\nWhat is an American President supposed to do about corruption in a foreign country? This guy is Mexicos problem, not ours. Obummer? Really? Run along and play with your little friends. the grownups are trying to talk.\nWait, are you saying that you actually believe that the majority of Americans are addicted to heroin? Sad but true? Are you completely insane?\nSmartest comment yet.  Its funny how people are quick to point fingers and make assumptions about other countries but turn a blind eye to the ever increasing drug problem here on American soil. We have more government regulated drug dealers than Mexico, or any other county could hold. (Big pharmaceuticals) theyre banking trillions of Dollars yearly and killing hundreds of thousands of citizens. and lets not leave out the ever-increasing alcohol epidemic thats plagued this country forever but lets just keep blaming the black guy you know, because this country was perfect before his presidency *sarcasm*\nThat is the problem in the U.S they need to mind their own business and let every country deal with their own problems\nWell said. This proves it. https://www.facebook.com/lci.francisco/posts/10204715062550492\nLegalize drugs. .\nI totally agree. Make drugs legal\nI agree totally! Make drugs legal.\nobozo cant even control, what goes on in the US\nJorge, its a shame that you talk about Obama as if he cant do anything.  Obama has done wonders to fix the drug problem.  You just dont understand his tactics. Also your statement is flawed.  First you call him a genius, then you call him incredibly stupid.  They mean two different things.  Duh!\nExactlymost of them dont understanding intelligent negotiating and diplomacy, they rather use a cowardly gun or mouth filled with illiterate words.\nOr, for that matter.like its actually our Presidents primary focus or responsibility to save Mexico. While Mexico is a part of the United\nStates, they dance to a different drum and while they appear to be receptive to the input of the U.S., once we turn around, they go back to what theyre used to. Which is doing anything to get a few steps ahead of the next poor guy. Ive been to Mexico, and believe me they give a whole new definition to the word, POVERTY!!\nActually, he cant see the progress that our president has obviously made because of his biases!! You cant fix Stupid. Sorry to disappoint you, sir. Carry on.\nOr, for that matter.like its actually our Presidents primary focus or responsibility to save Mexico. While Mexico is a part of the United\nStates, they dance to a different drum and while they appear to be receptive to the input of the U.S., once we turn around, they go back to what theyre used to. Which is doing anything to get a few steps ahead of the next poor guy. Ive been to Mexico, and believe me they give a whole new definition to the word, POVERTY!!\nObama is the leader of the USA. If he wanted, truly wanted. it could be done. The stupid one is him!\nstop sending wetbackville money and watch it change, beaner!\nCorruption? Bro the cartels will have told the guards either take our huge bribe and help us, or you and your family will die.. No brainer as anyone in any country would take the money\nCool\nodummer cant fix the fact you are a mouth breathing hillbilly either\nas a mouth breathing hillbilly, I resemble that remark!\nU are fucking scum Obama has tried to do everything to make things better and dumb bitches like your make it hard to do anythingu should praise him because Im pretty sure none of u who are strong enough or even smart enough to lead a household better yet a country u dumb fucks..drug cartels didnt just pop up when Obama became president..George Bush senior tried to stop the drug war and nothing happen and your are not talking about him..how about you educate yourself on what the real problem is because its not Obama\nObama has supplied cartels with weapons. He is the problem. I am an El Chapo supporter.  Want to stop the drug problem in America go after big pharma. you sir are an idiot and your language proves it spell out your words,  it makes you look quite uneducated.\nObama did not supply Mexican drug cartels with weapons. Morons in the Justice Department (FBI) dropped the ball on a sting and the whole operation went belly up. Not Obamas fault. Get a clue and try to keep up.\ncan I get a whoop whoop\nI dont like Obama either, but when you suggest he has some control over what happens in Mexican prisons it just makes you look like an idiot.\nYes, King Obama should control other countries law enforcement. Idiot\nI totally agreepeople love scapegoating for no reason\nSean Penn better go into hiding\nSTFU that Obama has anything to do with this.  Go watch Foxnews and vote for Dump you retard.\nsir. why should Obummer. as you so ill-eloquently call him. do anything ,This is a Mexican internal problem paid for by Americans using $20 billion in drugs per year ,How do you fight corruption when your average cop ,Marine ,Soldier Or prison guard make $400 a month ,Do you suggest we pay them ourselves to lower the amount of corruption?? explain to ME what you would do sir.You seem to think OUR president should OR can do something within a Foreign land \nThe story again speaks fast and furious. MSM and government continue to ignore this corrupt criminal activity by the US government. With the MSM acting as the campaign team for the Democratic party is it any surprize the majority of the public remains unaware of the facts?\nThis makes me so angry!!!\nYOUR FUCKN RETARD,  OBAMA? REALLY?  THEY GET THEIR GUNS FROM THE US. ATF IS THE BIGGEST GUN AND DRUG TRAFFICOR ON THE PLANET. THIE HAS BEEN GOING ON WAY BEFORE OBAMA.\nNO, no. Guns dont only come from the US .\nU do something if ur so concerned DONALD SUCKING DXCK SNYDER ?\nMaybe someone will  I dont expect to hear you complain at all about how its handled you twit.\nYour comment is ridiculous. Its not our Presidents job to curb corruption in Mexico. If it was, why didnt Dubya do anything about it? Get real.\nReally stupid tonight, hahahaha\nhttps://www.facebook.com/lci.francisco/posts/10204715062550492\nPeople escape from prisons everywhere  the US has them quite regularly too. Corruption is also everywhere.\nHILLARY STILL PUTS THIS GUY TO SHAME ..\nYou think Mexico is bad, look at congress and the White House.\nSo now President Obama is to blame for the longstanding corruption in the Mexican government?  Why stop there?  Why not blame him for the earthquake that hit Sumatra in 2004 and the tsunamis that followed?  What about that earthquake that hit Haiti in 2010?  President Obama didnt do anything to stop that either, right? #idiot\nGood points there Brotha J. How is Obama getting a free pass on those things you mentioned?\nYou DO know that Mexico isnt part of the United States, right? And that any president has no power there?\nAnd how is he supposed to stop corruption in Mexico?\nHere we go, another idiot that thinks Obama can solve and should solve everything. Take a government class you ignorant man, that is not how presidency works. Go vote for Trump so he can make America great again. Hahaha ?\nUmmm first off idiotI thought obummer as you call him  the president of America.you are all nothing but haters.never in the history has there been a outright disrespect for president.and there have been complaints white house.you no good prejudice evil devilseat a big black dick\nI love big black dicks\nobviously you are not talking about your tiny dick\nDamn youre stupid!!!!\nYou go out of your way to insult Obama. Did you have all these colorful nicknames for George Bush when he was in office fucking up America? Or were you too busy cleaning your pickup truck and drinking Mountain Dew?\nDoes this mean that I have to stop drinking Mountain Dew?\nwhy would he stop Mexican corruption if hes an American President? this has been going on since both Bushs, Clinton, Reagon and even before thatif they sun didnt shine right tomorrow it would be President Obamas fault also, right\nAre you fucking retarded? Obama isnt the president of Mexico.  You are an idiot.\nStfu we live in America  were police are worse then rapist an still walk free\nYEAH EL CHAPO!!!\nSo Obama is responsible for Mexico too? Make up your minds people! So Obama is Mexicos president too? As I am too confused to understand this remark?\nShows the arrogance of republicunts. As if a US President has any control over a sovereign nations laws. Not to mention Reagan and Bush Sr. were the biggest exploiters of using cartels to fund the CIA\nHow dumb are you seriously\nHoly shit, did you really blame this on Obama? Fascinating!\nJust like Stateville!\nALSO HOW DO YOU WANT the commander-in-chief to deal with the situation? He got problems in America to worry about. He was going to allow El Chapo to be extradited. BET you any money hes not escaping a federal maximum-security prison. NEGATIVE! They failed to bring their prisoner over to the United States and you respond by making fun of the commander-in-chief.WOW!\nAnyone using grade school type names like Obummer, libtard, repugnican, etc is just showing their own ignorance.  Yours has been displayed in all its glory.\nWell, you got me, youre the best dumb ass Ive seen yet\nThe War On Drugs is what is the root cause of all of this.  El Chappo has come out in Support of every US President for making him a rich man.\nAnd what exactly is the PRESIDENT Of The United States of America, AMERICAs 54th President, suppose to do about Mexicos criminal in Mexico? Sounds like you need to study a couple of subjects, politics, geography, the constitution and sociology.\nIts because no jail can hold this man. El Chapo for President!\nFollow me on IG al.mighty.k\nAdd me on snapchat @almightyk204\nI am starting to think half of America fell out the stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down. You idiots want to try and blame President Obama for everything. It is amazing at how many ignorant people there are in the world today.\nThey need to stop all this foreplay and just make drugs legal already, then things like this would never happen\nThis is such a simple solution, follow the example of Portugal, and the Netherlands, legalize drugs! under government control, it needs to be legaized!! Portugal has shown that drug abuse has been significantly reduced and the murder rate is zippo! none! nada! How many stupid ass politicians does it take to realize this logical conclusion? A majority of Democrats in the house and the senate. Get a grip America and stop being so religiously stupid about this horrific problem, this is a plague that needs to be stopped by legalization!!!!!!!!!\nJust for your information, Im portuguese and most drugs are illegal here (including marijuana). Its true that we have a very low murder rate though, but that might have to do with the fact that guns are also illegal for normal people.\nCheers and go Murica!\nThis is exactly why drugs are so dangerous and now a madman is on the loose again\nDrugs arent all that dangerous\nI completely agree. I dont understand why this is such a big deal. Really I think that its only a problem with people because that always want to catch the bad guy. We should be after Trump\nMadman you say. Madmen are the governors, presidents, Mexican an American that do nothing about it because they are involved. The US needs their people to be under the use of drugs so they dont care about what goverment do, and in mexico they want us to think this is the way we need to live, people are beggining to think this is the only way to make a living, they have abandoned agriculture, instead of producing food they are drugtraffiking because the goverment gives no support.\nIf I had to guess, Im betting Sean Penn had something to do with his escape\nThey need to build an Alcatraz just for this guy\nI like the way its a massive middle finger to the fbi lol\nThis is horrible! How can they just keep letting this guy go??!!\nFN irony\nI like what the DEA agent said\nEl Chapo is my hero!!!\nShoot the cunt next time problem over.\nI hope they dont get him this time and he gets away for good!\nCocaine is a helluva drug\nRun El Chapo! Ruuuun!!!!\nEl Chapo for president of the world!\nI have a feeling the price of cocaine will be going down soon!\nYeah!!! El Chapo!!!\nI cant believe they let him get away AGAIN! smh\nEl Chapo for president!\nThe US shouldnt be pointing fingers about corruption lmao most corrupt sack of shit country in the world from top to bottom.\nThats why other countries look to America for everything..please this world wouldnt run with the United States helping your poor as country\nthis time they will never find him he will go deep underground tell penn to watch out\nIm in Mexico, this is all theyre talking about here\nDont be dissing Obama all of yall can be quiet\nO bummer is an idiot traitor and should be deported.\nWhen you have as much money as El Chapo in the USA, you never get put in prison in the first place. When the working class cant survive on wages from a 40 hour week, theyre all for sale.\nGoogle Michelle Obama is a man\nWhat a giant laugh  ,it pleases me to no end that this has just happened !I could only be happier if I was Chapo himself!\n All the kings horses and all the kings men could not hold El Chapo in prison agian!\nThis Bradley women above is from all told about the only one of the bunch of you (mouth breathing, hillbillies) that actually gets it!\n  Your claims on how coruption  and Mexico,but the coruption is pathetic minor In Mexico compared to your legal and prison system of the US!  The billions going to feed this huge machine of coruption is u ending and who benifits from it! No body . So go ahead and hire some more knuckle dragging goes for your drug wars,build more prisons  ,make some more laws , put thoasands more in jail ,but please don,t whatever you do,stop putting kids in jail for selling someone a joint!\n  The stupidity of the drug war are overwhelming,it could only happen inthe US!\nYour are poor fucking trash and if Donald trump become president the trash wont be allowed in the United States anymore\nAt this point i think El Chapo deserves an award an award for defeating Mexico security time and over again. I like this guy already, and i become more interested in his story daily.\nWhen will El Chapo Guzman be out on PS4?\nEl Chapo the game would be awesome. In fact, something like that could be the next Grand Theft Auto.\nLmfao I agree El Chapo  is the man I mean come one 3 times .\nIt is interesting how quickly the comment section was directed towards a discussion on pOTUS. A critical comment made and just as quickly a retort etc.\nNothing mentioned in a comment about the Fast and Furious Drug Cartel Armaments Supply. Just thinking; who started the false narrative and what was the agenda?\nIs there any chance at all that El Chapo will do us a big favor and take Sean Penn to Mexico and get him to shut up . it might help you, El Chapo, stay our of prison. After all, its his fault that you got caught last time.\nEl Chapo is my homeboy!\nLook at all these foilish sheep complaining about a bad man bet at least one of your kids is using chapos drugs now, and you blame it on him? No el chapos cartel is nothing moe then any other regular mcdonals or burger king, he supplies, its not his fault that people buy.\nEl Chapo is the man!!\nThis is Obamas fault! That goddamn nigger Muslim!\nHey! He is NOT a Muslim.\nYes he is. He even admitted he is multiple times  wetback!\nDonald Trump!? Is that you?\nHere is a big dick in your mouth Donald Trump, and many more for your supporters and your voters / dick riders can come get these Dicks too free dicks for u fucking losers we gonna keep ya healthy with the new Obama CareEL CHAPO FOR THE WORLDS KING OF KINGS /PRESIDENTKING OF KINGS EL CHAPO REY GUZMAN.. DICKS ONLY FOR TRUMP AND HIS LOVERSHEY TRUMP whats going on buddy?; your dudes is looking for you. Who DEEZZZ NUTZZZ HAAAAA..GOTTEMMMM.. NOW GO SUCK THIS DICK UP AND YOUR WIFE SUCKED AND FUCKED HER WAY TO THE TOP MODEL..CONGRATS.. LOOSER.. KILL YOUR SELF TRUMPDRUGS ARE LEGAL NOW ONLY WHAT EL CHAPO ALLOWS TOO HAVE EVERY DAY SOMETHING NEW..NOW WE GONNA SIT ALL SO CALLED IMMIGRANTS IN GOLD CHAIRS DIAMOND  S CROWNS SHINNING SLAVING ALL TRUMP FOLLOWERS AND MRS /MR TRUMP..YOUR JOB NOW IS TOO HOLD DICKS FOR YOUR WIFES LIPS AND AFTER SHES GOOD, GO WORK THE FIELDS FOR OUR WORLDS DRUG ACADEMIC GROWTH GOOD MORNING GOT MILK NICE AND WARM.??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? KING OF KINGS EL CHAPO GUZMAN REAL LIFEEVERYONES IDOL ICON.. WORLDS LEADER KING CHAPO..\nYour all stupid if you think El Chapo will get caught again\nThank you El Chapo for cocaine  <3\nif you squeal of el chapo you can  remain anonymous .  you gotta be kidding us.  no amount of money can buy enough protection from these thugs to keep you safe.  the gov is so stupid.  they get hacked constantly .  this is the same gov that gives you obamacare and broke social security and a million other stupid indignities.   if you inform you will be dead.  the only reason drugs continue to be illegal is the lobbying strength of the gov unions who represent those in the anti-drug agencies, the banks who make billions on money-laundering, the alcohol industry (which was behind the original anti-marijuana laws.  Marijuana use skyrocketed during prohibition (another stupid thing besides obama and bernie sanders and the fed gov  husband  who doesnt demand sex and good parenting skills that white women just love and vote for  there was a reason that the founders didnt give women the vote and why Islam suppresses women  not saying they are right at all, just that when the despots can control the people, those who control the despots then control us) and politicians in the 30s when prohibition was rescinded were influenced to penalize pot use to help the alcohol industry get back on its feet.  Its grist for a good thriller movie.\nGood for him!\nYoure all idiots for thinking drugs should be illegal\nI cant help it, this makes me laughif drugs were made legal would we have to spend all this money catching drug lords? So foolish, just as foolish as alcohol prohibition was in the 1920s.\nDonald Snyder is at idiot, as if our President runs the entire world. Stop being such a racist fool, Snyder.\nAmazing. But I dont blame anyone that helps him. He is capable of anything and if you dont take the money, you get you and your family killed. Not much of a choice there. You take your chances and maybe he wont kill you for spike. Anyway, as much as I hate to say this, maybe legalizing whatever drugs this nut sells will stop some of this violence. I dont know. But I remember the first thing I was taught about in business was about supply and demand. There is a demand for this recreational drugs, that we cannot denie because there are allot of people making tons of money selling it. Think about what if we regulate it like we do alcohol (Alcohol Beverage Control (ABC) Stores) and SIN tax it like we do liquor. The tax revenues would be through the roof and we can use the money for infrastructure improvement etc As for rules, the same rules will aply for drugs as the ones for alcohol. Anyone violating them gets fined and/or jail accordingly. I dont know if Im getting all of it but I think most.of you will understand what Im trying to say. Well, it will save some lives at the very least. Thank you.\nLmfaooo my son el chapo is that nigga fuck obama fuck everybody joaquin el chapo fucking guzman is the fucking man !!!!!\nFuck el chapo fucking wetback\nThis makes me so angry!!!\nIm not surprised at all.\nWhy is anyone even surprised?\nSimple solution this continuing escapes. Next time he is caught put an Fn bullet in his fn head right then. Problem solved. Oh and if worried that just some one else taking his place do the same to them.\nI heard hes escaped to Mexico\nThis is frustrating that Mexico cant hold this guy, but awesome at the same time\nThis is ridiculous. Get your shit together Mexico\nAfter all is said and done, this will make cocaine a lot cheaper. Thank you El Chapo!\nIs it just me or is everybody brain dead, Obama in my opinion has been one of the best Presidents EVER! How can anybody control what another mutherfucker dothats why we have laws are they still brokenyes, we have prisons do people still do fucked up shit to get thereyes. You tell people its illegal to text and drive and mutherfuckers still do it and kill themselves and a couple other people. So you say legalize drugs that worked for a country that didnt have much of a crime rate anyways. WE HAVE A STRUCTURED LEGAL SYSTEM!!! Our country has to live by those same rules they make, its not Obamas call. Beer is legal you can buy it anywhere but do people still make moonshineyes. Weed is not a fucking drug, its this synthetic shit thats the problem. Certain drugs create certain problems, it bring crime. I live in Austin, Tx. and I know there is crime everywhere you go but some crime really dont happen too much in certain areas for example a few years back Austin was having alot of home invasion, kidnapping, and now in the recent year or so human trafficking. These are crimes that were rare in my City. Do I blame ObamaNo. Again I ask what does he have to do with El Chapo escapingnothing but yall blame him for everything. Cocaine been around before Obama was born. The Idians discovery weed. What else do yall want from him. Bring our soldiers back, he did. Catch Osama bin Laden, he did. Our country is broke, fix it, he did. China released this movie early what do we do nothing. Why? Because thats not an USA problem its a movie and you want him to do what start a war. Now its El Chapo we know alot of 3rd world countries dont have a Structured legal system and is often corrupted. So he escaped a few times in a country that was not the USA that Obama have jurisdiction over and yet yall found a way to still involve him. I know what yall should dokill yourself bitches!!!!\nYou lost me with the first sentence. I still find it hard to believe people are as fuking stupid as you are.\nSean Penn: call your office.\nJust let the man be free he suppys us with some good shit.\nHopefully that implanted a GPS transponder in his colon while he was asleep.\nNo surprise.  Mexico is corrupt along with American DEA !\nthe Mexican authorities want him to get away. what El Chapo knows could embarrass the U.S. I can imagine the FBI and CIA are fucking pissed.\nFuck the police\nDONT FORGET US AND MEXICO SIGNED AN AGREEMENT! SO WITH THAT IN MIND STOP FUCKIN BOTHERING OBAMA AND THE FRIENDS WHOSE ENDORSING THIS KING PIN FROM WITHIN! LETS SEE IF YOU FOOLS GONNA DEFEND DUMB TRUMP WHEN EL SHARPO CHAPO SHOOT HIS RACIST ASS!   HIS REAL TALK! WILL WALK HIM OUT OF REAL LIFE!\nTrue Obama is not responsible for the corruption, but allowing these assholes to\nembarrass us time and again.. Even with the\nunfiltered borders bringing in undocumented Democrats is another example of psychotic Liberalism !!\nHow in the hell is elchapo embarrassing the United States he wasnt in United States custody u dumb ass..I blame your momma for having a dumb seed\nMr. Chapo has made a mockery of the Mexican penal system showing that money talks. It has been an incredible astounding performance an unstoppable vigilante ignoring the system which tried to incarcerate and restrict his freedom well done Chapo.\nHi, el chapo is crazy\nHow do you figure this has anything to do with Obama? Mexico is controlled by the cartels. These groups have the most influence in politics, economics, violence, etc, in Mexico than anything else. As long as the drug war continues, and master minds like el chapo has customers world wide to purchase his product and even worse, become addicted to it, this is how Mexico, America, and the rest of the world will be.\nNo jail on  earth can hold El Chapo $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$\nHe needs to run for US President and have OJ as VP. Cut the Juice Loose. LOL\nI am sick of everything being blamed on our President! Now he is responsible for what goes on in Mexico?\nOn foot?  Are they that naive?  Id bet money on it that they had a car waiting.  Doesnt take a lot to figure that out?\nNow, if I were Sean Penn Id take a vacation to some obscure unheard of place and plan on getting a tanwhatever.\nSomeone should shoot Sarah Bradley! I have to work hard for my money and no one gives me free socks.\nEven the president of Mexico works for his cartel ,when will you get it.\nIm not so sure about that.\nA.Q.F. AH QUE FUNNY  SPANISH VERSION.  L.O.L. LAFF OUT LOUD. ENGLISH VERSION\nI saw El Chapo yesterday.  He was smoking a cigarette on Jenison Street in Oklahoma City.   Hes cool.\nSo We just gonna blast right past Fappy the Dolphin like thats a regular thing? Haha, thank you El Chapo for stopping the Self-Rape in the prison.\nI not sure that this article Id even real but the comments are very amusing..the corruption in both governments has been going on FOREVER so to try and blame on one single person is ridiculous\nEL CHAPPO LIVES\nHe will be walking the malecon in Puerto Vallarta  signing autographs today with Sean Penn and Marlyn Monroe.\nAmerica is the largest consumer of drugs in the world, if Americans would stop using drugs then the drug problem would be solved Simple solution right ??? Prohibition doesnt work, remember Al Capone !? I dont agree with all drugs but if they are legalized and regulated like ALCOHOL, the other drug it eliminates the black market (drug cartels, cia) overnight.\nGreat news.\nFor the hillbillies start talking trash, something to think about?\nHow about Nickname Poppy  sr, ,, etc  who operated in shadows.\nWolves in sheeps clothing are more dangerous , Hillary or jeb will  be your next president.\nHow about those appels?Putin chapo are the media,s focus, but not our enemies.\nluck will run out one day El Chapo until then keep on running,even if US gets El Chapo can they Keep  him  from escaping?  Before answering that question just think is the major leader of the drug cartel thats Global\nPraise Fappy!\nIm glad el chapo escaped ??\nWho pays for all this corruption going on in Mexico, USA !!!!!!!!!!!!!\nIt takes a real life idiot to think this has anything to do with OBama. If you can read he broke out of a prison in Mexico not the US.\nViva chapo, as long as we get to hold hilary, ill be happy\nMake hilarys hell on earth\nRonald Wilson Reagan sowed the seeds back in the 1980s when he declared, a war on drugs. The USA is to blame for all this, and so much more.\nLong live the Revolutcion!!!!\nI think hes  in Canoga Park!\nThe world sees this news, checks the dateline to rule out that its an old report of an earlier occurrence, and concludes that Mexicans must be every bit as stupid and inept as portrayed in old movies and cartoons.\nWho interviewed Fappy the Anti-Masturbation Dolphin and decided to use them as a reference for this article? Haha!\nI only came here for Fappy the Dolphin! Remember what Fappy says kids and dont be punchin the clown. It will cause blindess and hairy palms!\nThis dude Sean said that an average cop, marine, soldier, and prison guard makes 400$ a month. You realize that thats only 3600$ a year right LOL\nLOL this is hilarious mexico threatens to close the border, or war if Trump is elected, and they cant keep 1 man in prison..\nIts a really sad fact there are so many really stupid people out there. Even if writing in jest the thinking is real. Its so easy to hide behind the internet, if some of these utterings were made in person, a lot of folks would be spitting there teeth out. Have just a little bit of shame folks.\nEl Patron aka Pablo Escobar was the best.\nWell well\nConsejos Narcos\nLas leyes narcos\nHay que obedezer\nEl brujo da consejos\nOygame pendejos\nCon gueros  si\nCon negros  no\nMarihuana  si\nEl polvo  no\nLleno la troca\nCien kilos de la blanca\nHay que pintarlas\nCon sangre de perro\nCortado  si\nBarato  no\nMordidas  si\nLa migra  no\nCon geros  si\nCon negros  no\nMarihuana  si\nEl polvo  no\nNarcos  si\nLa chota  no\nUn poquito de hongo  si\nControles Iggy  no\nCon geros  si\nCon negros  no\nMarihuana  si\nEl polvo  no\nEL Chapo is the man!\nEl Chapo for President!\nEl Chapo is a great capitalist businessman. The people demand drugs and he makes sure that request is met. Viva El Chapo!\nFolks, this is a good thing. The price of cocaine has gone up since he has been in prison. Now that hes out, prices will go down for sure!\nBe careful Donald Trump an endorsement by a creepo like Ted Cruz is not worth saying that youll make masturbation illegal. I know if you say that, I wont vote for you! I need my masturbation! Without it, I would have so much rage I would probably kill one of those homogays, or even become a gay myself. I would be like the Orlando shooter. A gay guy, that hated that he was gay, so he killed all those gay people. Donald Trump: If you make masturbation illegal, you will create more Orlando shooters. Do you want that homogay blood on your hands?\nNo prison can hold this man, its frickin El Chapo!!!\nIm glad this man is out, my supply of cocaine has been drying up\nI love that money can but you everthing if I could be a drug cartel u would and if you say you wouldnt your a fuckin lie if thats the case why do you work a job you hate it even complain because you dont have everything you want .if you were in his shoes you would .so hats off to him f@#k the hatters\nYou make an interesting point Lauri\nEL Chapo for President!!!\nTHIS GUY IS LEGEND TO HAVE INFILTRATED THE PRISON GUARD. SHOWS THAT HIGHER UPS IN MEXICO ARE DIRTY. A TRUE DON BIGGER THAN ANY MAFIOSO IN THE US.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin and El Chapo are doing the Lords work! Praise!\nWe cant blame anyone, this was bound to happen. All this shit going around the world is because the end of the world is getting close.\nNo prison can hold El Chapo!!!\nEl Chapo for President!\nALL REPUBLICANS ARE GOD DAMN RACIST SONS OF BITCHES. AND RACIST BIGOTS. WE NEED GUN LAWS NOW. AND THE GOP ARE RESPONCIBLE FOR ALL THIS MADNESS TRUMP IS PURE SHIEST. SHIEST WITH A RUG AS HIS BRAIN. LYING TRUMP. THAT IS HIS NEW NAME..REPUBLICAN SO CALLED christians ARE PORNO FREAKS. THEY ADORE TEATS AND ASS WHAT IS WRONG HERE????\nI do not want the Racist bigot DONALD DICK TRUMP ANY WHERE NEAR THE WHITE HOUSE! WHAT IS NEXT FOR THE REPUBLICAN CHRISTIANS???????\nEL CHAPO. GO GET ASSHOLE TRUMP..A RACIST BIGOT AND AN IMMIGRANT STRIPPER IN THE WHITE HOUSE?????? NO FRIGGIN WAY! WHERE ARE THE REAL CHRISTIANS????\nWHAT A COMPLETE ASSHOLE LYING PIECE OF CHICKEN CRAP TRUMP.\nThe GOP Party is the Party of NO and Obstructionism  They do not know governance and are the undoing of the middle class and America as we know it. They need to become extinct like the dead dinosaurs The good old boys, white, bigoted , hateful , prejudiced ,extreme, religious right , conservative party. They do not represent America or its people  Only the 1% and their controllers.\nActually, all of you are idiots. The drug laws in America are stupid, and the only reason El Chapo is in jail is because the UNited States should legalize and regulate drugs then there would be no drug cartels\nHi\nThis word are so heavy to use\nall of you are idiots. The drug laws in America are stupid, and the only reason El Chapo is in jail is because the UNited States should legalize and regulate drugs\nIn Mexico you can buy anything our State department SHOULD have just bought his head and set an example. A half billion (500 million) would have been a savings of ten billion in reduction of costs on drug interdiction\nThe fastest and easiest way to solve the issue:    Take over Mexico, tax the hell out of the taco benders so they run to the south, meanwhile use them to build walls all the way around it and turn it into a Penal colony and spray the whole damned place with paraquat.\nPutin is the Evil Hitler Satan! The Soviets are coming!\n*Evil* Russian hackers lurk around every router and server!\nOnly Hillary can save us from the dastardly PutinHitlerSatan!\nPraise Fappy!\nLegalize meth..", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-04T04:05:51-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "MEXICO CITY, MEXICO (AP) \u2014 Early this morning, drug kingpin Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzm\u00e1n, head of the Sinaloa Cartel, escaped from the Altiplano maximum security prison once again."}
{"title": "$429.6 Million Powerball Winner In New Jersey Comes Forward - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/powerball-winner-in-new-jersey-comes-forward/", "text": "TRENTON N.J. (AP)  This afternoon lottery officials were pleased to announce that the sole winner in last nights record setting, $429.6 million Powerball drawing, has come forward. That lucky person is 37-year-old Paul Horner from Trenton, New Jersey. Horner won by matching all five white balls and the red Powerball.\nThe winning Powerball numbers in Saturdays drawing were 5, 25, 26, 44 and 66, and the Powerball number was 9.\nMost people would be ecstatic about their new found riches, but not Horner. As it turns out Horner was already New Jerseys third wealthiest resident. With this lottery win, Horner will now be a contender for richest person living in the state of New Jersey. Horner made most of his wealth on Wall Street. Last years tax return show him reporting a little over $800,000,000 and because of some questionable accounting he paid only 1% in taxes.\nLocal news station WABC caught up with Mr. Horner as he was leaving the New Jersey Lottery Headquarters this morning.\nThis money will help me fix up my numerous estates and multiple golf courses in the Cayman Islands. Im actually kind of bummed about winning because I know there is really no way around paying the full amount of taxes that Ill owe on this. I guess for a moment or so Ill have to join the regulars and pay my fair share. Maybe when Im done paying all those taxes Ill go down to a local bar and have a domestic beer with the common folk there, just to get a quick taste of what that horrible life would be like, Horner laughs. To be honest, most of this money will end up going to campaign contributions for Donald Trump. It is important to me that I be the most Patriotic, God-fearing, loving Christian, and that is why it is so necessary to kick out all the Muslims, Mexicans and other undesirables in this country. We can make American great again!\nWhen asked how he came up with the winning numbers, Horner said, When I played before I let the riffraff behind the counter pick the numbers for me and of course I didnt win, so this time I went with numbers that have a special place close to my heart. I currently own five Bugattis. I own 25 apartment complexes. I own twenty-six different multinational corporations. I spent forty-four million dollars on my last yacht and I own real estate in sixty-six different countries. As for the Powerball number of nine; I meant to put down the number nineteen, because that is how old one of my girlfriends is, but the dingus behind the counter must have dropped the one.\nOn Wall Street Horners nickname is The Gutter.\nHe basically buys up a company, fires everybody, puts them all out on the street. Then when the stock price goes up he sells everything off and just walks away. Hes such an a*shole. We all just love him here, Tom Downey of Goldman Sachs told ABC News.\nLottery officials are still not sure what to make of the winner who matched all six numbers correctly.\nHes a bad person, said lottery official Tim Parkos. Im kind of sad that this thing is finally over. That money was growing into something really amazing. With all of that money you could feed most of the worlds starving children, provide the homeless with new socks, or build clean drinking water systems in every third world country. Im pretty sure there is no God when a guy like Paul Horner becomes the winner of something this special.\nThough not everyone feels that Horner is such a bad guy. Horners cousin, Alex Horner, told ABC News he only has praise and good things to say about his relative.\nYeah Paul is a good guy, no matter what most people say. Even though we grew up a few states apart we always managed to get together and hang like bros. Like this one time I was training for my high school golf tournament and got to practice at his private golf course resort in the Cayman Islands. Its like $600 a round for the public but he was nice enough to give me the family 10% discount since I played after 3PM. Hes always looking out for the fam like that. I think its super cool hes donating to politics and stuff, pretty noble of him.\nSarah Bradley, founder of Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she does not agree with Horner winning the Powerball.\nThat money could have gone to something great, and now it will be just wasted on some rich fat cat, the same people that are driving out the middle and lower class in this country. Maybe Horner will find it in his heart to do something that actually helps humanity. Like what we do, giving out new socks to the homeless. It doesnt get any better or more rewarding than that.\nHorners winning ticket was purchased at a 7-Eleven store in Trenton, according to Courtney Groves with the New Jersey Lottery.\nSaturdays jackpot was the 7th largest Powerball jackpot in U.S. history. The Powerball is played in California and 43 other states, plus Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Tickets cost $2 apiece, and drawings take place at 7:59 p.m. PT every Wednesday and Saturday.\nAnd the rich continue to get richer as the poorer continue to get poorer  smh\nAt least some stupid nigger didnt win it\nare you mad.\nHate much asshole go bite the concrete!!!\nJokes on you.  Looks like theres  8 new stupid rich niggers in Trenton. And you, arent one .\n#Kanye2020 #VivaRichNiggers\nWho cares if he was already like the richest guy in the state, he has the right to spend the money on anything he wants even if its to assholes like Donald Trump\nKatie, it wasnt the point that he won the money. It was the way he talked down to everyone. And turn around and rub your nose in it , that o geezz I am gonna have to pay all the taxes on it.  Made me wanna throw up just reading it.\nSMH, before hitting the PB, He was the 3rd richest person in NJ (LIVING in TRENTON???!!!) Doesnt sound right Congrats young man .\nHow about you simple minded reporters STOP with posting names that have won the lottery.  Leave them alone Your incorrect post and even correct post (if ever possible).  Is going to get someone hurt or killed.  Go find some news about the tramp family of Kardashians. And the freak Bruce.\nLeave people alone on the lotterytimes have changed if you have not noticed\n>>>>JUST TO NAME A FEW<<<<\n1.Georgia lottery winner murdered in home invasion\n2.86-year-old grandfather Arthur Neal Jr. was found murdered Family told media outlets that he had won $20,000\n3. Florida Lottery-winner and murder victim Abraham was killed\n4. Doris Murray, won $5 million Lottery was found stabbed to death in her home a year later.\nHaha, Paul Horner. Good job, abc\nHow is it possible to have 2 winners for the same powerball, same state and same date . So who is really the winner Paul Horner or this other lady", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-05-10T09:00:22-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "TRENTON N.J. (AP) \u2014 This afternoon lottery officials were pleased to announce that the sole winner in last night's record setting, $429.6 million Powerball drawing, has come forward. That lucky person is 37-year-old Paul Horner from Trenton, New Jersey. Horner won by matching all five white balls and the red Powerball."}
{"title": "NBA Cancels 2017 All-Star Game In North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Law - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/nba-cancels-all-star-game-in-north-carolina-lgbt-hb2/", "text": "Charlotte, NC  NBA Commissioner Adam Silver held a press conference today, announcing that Charlotte, North Carolina will no longer be hosting the 2017 All-Star game due to the states recent passing of the anti-LGBT law HB2.\nWith this new law in place, Charlotte currently does not have any anti-discrimination protection in place, something that would be vital for a large event such as the All-Star Game, Silver told reporters. We are giving the state of North Carolina 30 days to repeal this law or they can expect the 2017 All-Star game to be held elsewhere. I want to make it clear that the NBA will not stand for this type of intolerance and hate.\nSilvers comments come just weeks after the North Carolina legislature passed HB2, the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, which requires transgender people (and everyone else) to use public restrooms according to the biological sex on their birth certificate. The new law also strips North Carolina workers of the ability to sue under a state anti-discrimination law, a right that has been upheld in court since 1985.\nIf you were fired because of your race, fired because of your gender, fired because of your religion, said Allan Freyer, head of the Workers Rights Project at the North Carolina Justice Center in Raleigh, You no longer have a basic remedy.\nSince Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law last month, well over 1,000 jobs have been moved out of state, and over 100 companies, including Facebook, Apple, Paypal, Pyramid Country and StopPack, have expressed concern or anger, warning they may move or cancel plans to expand, costing the state millions of dollars. In addition to that, by not hosting the 2017 NBA All-Star game, the state stands to lose even more. It is uncertain the exact figure, but in 2014, the All-Star game in New Orleans generated $106.1 Million and in 2015, New York generated approximately $195 million in economic activity.\nOn Friday, Bruce Springsteen cancelled his concert in Greensboro because of North Carolinas controversial new LGBT bill stating, With deepest apologies to our dedicated fans in Greensboro, we have canceled our show scheduled for Sunday, April 10th. Some things are more important than a rock show and this fight against prejudice and bigotry  which is happening as I write  is one of them. It is the strongest means I have for raising my voice in opposition to those who continue to push us backwards instead of forwards.\nEarlier this week, a womens advocacy group, UltraViolet, began circulating an online petition urging Nike and PepsiCo  two chief sponsors of previous NBA All-Star weekends  to not support the 2017 event if it is held in Charlotte. There is also a new campaign in North Carolina encouraging people to call McCrorys office every time they use a public restroom to report on their compliance with the law.\nNorth Carolina has become a fierce battleground for culture war issues. Since the GOP captured the legislature in 2010 and the governorship in 2012, theres been a steady stream of conservative changes, from much stricter voter laws to looser gun laws to overhauling taxes. The legislature even considered a proposal to establish Christianity as the official state religion.\nMarina Mangiaracina, a transgender individual, who is a journalist for SB Nation, does not agree with the new law.\nFirst of all, no one carries around their birth certificate. How is a cop going to check what gender a person has on that document? Second of all, the policy of refusing to change the gender on your birth certificate until you have sex reassignment surgery is dangerous. Not all trans people need, want, or can afford sexual reassignment surgery. Its an extremely delicate and risky procedure that costs anywhere from $7,000 to $50,000. Not to mention all of the missed work in the weeks of recovery. Forcing, or even encouraging transgendered people to have that surgery is sickening. If the person wants the surgery, thats one thing. But not everybody can afford that surgery. It simply discriminates against the poor.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that the new law needs to be repealed.\nThis is a ridiculous law that makes absolutely no sense, Bradley said. According to the law, a transgender man, a person with a vagina but has male features, such as a beard, now has to go into the womens bathroom. Then the police get called. How exactly do they verify whats going on there? Does the transgender man have to drop his pants or is that person required to be carrying their birth certificate at all times? And according to the idiots behind this law, its about stopping sexual predators. How? Is it really that hard for a man to put on a wig and a Hillary suit and go into the womens restroom? No. This law is about bigotry, hate, intolerance and taking away human rights from the LGBT community.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, told ABC News that his wife Barbara is transgender.\nStories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the surgery my wife Barbara wanted; her name actually used to be Ted, Mikkleson laughs, We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, look at this article we wrote about Scientology supposedly losing its tax-exempt status. What is the name of the person or website responsible for the hoax? We claim to know it, since we list the websites disclaimer; but no real information is there. We even go as far as saying the site that started the story spreads malware and viruses, but we dont say what website it is. I think warning people about a website that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but thats a lot of work and people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? And lots of people complain, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Mikkelson breaks down in tears, Anyway, about my transgender wife Barbara; so brave.\nPaul Horner, owner of the Phoenix Suns, told ABC News he approves of the NBAs decision but believes more should be done.\nI applaud the NBA in taking a stand against this type of discrimination and pulling the All-Star game from Charlotte. Furthermore, I believe its time for Charlotte Hornets owner Michael Jordan to take a stand against this law and move the team out of that backwards state.\nAt this time, unless the North Carolina legislature repeals HB2, it is unclear where the 2017 All-Star game will be held.\nWay to go NBA!!! Now Michael Jorden should step up and do something!\nYELL Michael I would move the team to another state. The maybe thar half baked foot ball team will move too.\nHey Dummy, It has nothing to do with not allowing LGBTs  in the bathroom.  It is a safety issue as well as common sense.  The whole deal would give sickos( NOT just LGBTs) more opportunity to enter a bathroom and victimize innocent people, mainly women and small children.  It that ok with you, Tim? Also, based on the NC Constitution, cities have no authority to make public policy changes on their own. You are making it into something it is not. The lack of common sense is astounding!\nYou are the dummy because you are just listening to what you have been told and what you have been told is a distortion of the truth by a group of bullying perverts.  It is about allowing men, sex offenders, pedophiles into the womens restrooms and with that alone, it should NOT be allowed.\nPublic restrooms arent kept under lock and key. If a rapist or pedophile wants to go into any bathroom they can. Do you really think its the little suggestion signs keeping them out? Like wait, theres a little dress on that signcant rape anyone now!?\nGet real.\nHow many transgendered people have molested anyone in NC restrooms to date? Whats that you say, Linda? NONE? So how does this law protect us from the other sickos?  Do I now need to carry my birth certificate when I stop to tinkle in the ladies room at the I-26 Welcome Center?  Read the law, your cluelessness is astounding!\nI agree Way To Go NBA!!! As far as Im concerned this just opens the door for pediphiles to use the rest rooms as a target place to grap more kids or to molest them. On top of the fact that after all the years women have been able to feel safe in the ladies room & the same for men but now with this ruling no one is safe any more!!! Im also proud of Bruce Springsteen for cancelling his concert for the same reason.\nThis is fucking bullshit! I dont want some fag using the same bathroom as me! Shame on the NBA!\nHahahahahahaha!  Thank your clueless governor McCrony!!\nBetter hold it til you get home. WE are everywhere. \nIm sure you already have you inbred gutless wonder.\nMaybe thats his problem.  They looked at it and giggled.\nI love your thinking!   You would do very well in 16th Century Spain!\nLOLSnyder, you moron, the NC law REQUIRES transwomen or fags as you so nicely and intelligently call them, to use the same bathroom as you.\nGuess what Donald, you already have.\nWhat? You feel your rights have been violated? Not a good feeling,is it?\nHuman rights prevail!!\nYay NBA!!!\nLOL, youve *already* used the restroom with trans* people  you just didnt realize it because you must have been minding your own fuckin business which is what youre supposed to do when in the bathroom. YOU are the one the rest of us need to be afraid of, not trans* people\nNo, you and people that think like you are the reason we should be afraid.\nDont worry They are completely uninterested in your saggy, hateful, ingnorant package, as am I.\nThere are already plenty using the bathroom with you. Your are an idiot who does not know the difference between gay and transgender. Go piss in the woods with the animals like you\nYELL Michael I would move the team to another state. The maybe that half baked foot ball team will move too.\nPeople better watch out a lot of people are caring concealed weapons.\nYoure a fucking IDIOT.   Probably a tRump supporter.   STOP IT.\nYou are a real bastard. I will thrash and kill the LGBT animals\nItll be hilarious when you walk in the bathroom and see someone in a dress and makeup using the urinal next to you and you realize that this is what the law is designed to do.\nIts also hilarious that youve 100% had your penis out next to a gay guy in the bathroom on many occasions without realizing it.\nWell, use the stall, you do have that option even in the mens restroom. Unless you want them to look.\nA fag is a cigarette.  We are Gay.  You have been using the bathroom with Gay people for years and years and did not know it.\nDonald: Let me give you a situation and you tell me how I can now handle it in North Carolina. Im a father of a three year old daughter. Mom is in some other part of a mall where we are shopping. Suddenly, my three year old little girl has to go to the bathroom. Can I take her into the womens room? How about the mens room, can I take her in there? The problem with this law is it simply does not account for situations like this in an attempt to discriminate against others. By being so short-sighted, youve put everyone in an untenable situation.\nLets look at it this way; your 6 year old daughter is using the restroom & a man walks in. What does she do, scream, run away or just ignore him. As for your 3 year old daughter, you do what men have always done. You take her to the mens room & stand guard at the stall door while she does her business. This law is NOT for kids, but for grownups. Get a grip.\nThe law is for grown ups, NOT kids. Men have always taken their young kids into the mens rest room, as have women taken kids into the womens rest room. Get a grip & grow up.\nI can see youre a real thinker.\nDonald Snyder  Based on your ridiculous comment, any intelligent person would surmise that you are either about 13 years old and are just too ignorant to know any better, or if you are an adult, then you clearly have repressed homosexual tendencies.\nThis is a victory for human rights! Hopefully North Carolina will repeal the law because of this\n when anyone can document that endorsing fagdom produces anything other than more fagdom Ill be glad to agree with NBA and all other such organizations that cannot produce anything worthwhile either \nSo, Colonel, youre saying that by protecting gays you or others can somehow be changed from straight to gay? When did you choose to be straight? When did you have the option to be gay? Studies have repeatedly shown those who are adamantly against gays have a high probability of being closeted themselves and self hating.\nJohn  had you the capability to read my post in plain English you would also have the capability to see the leftest-cum-stupid idiocy in your reply \nActually, I got the same thing from your comment as John did. Your comment seems to display that you dont know the difference between what is your business and what isnt. Why would you give a crap about other peoples sexual orientation? And who made you the judge? You do understand that liberty is the right to be who you are as long as you dont commit a crime and hurt others, or is that somehow lost on you. And before you call me a leftist, or some other term for people you dont like, I am a law abiding, tax paying, self-sufficient, hard working , blue collar, taxpaying, voting, American citizen and if your title of Colonel is indicative of US military service, then you shold be ashamed of yourself for imposing your bigotry on others. That isnt American in anyway\nStuart  I said what I said  and I didnt gut anybody except the Idiot Element who are always off the mark.\nI read, write, speak and comprehend ENGLISH! Do you?\nSame-sex attraction is a feeling which Ive personally dealt with.  But I chose to make decisions about how I acted/lived my life based on truth and reasoning rather than just my feelings.  As a result, Ive been healed and have experienced real freedom.  Continuing to feed bad or self-destructive or addictive habits wont ultimately satisfy you.  Dont allow yourself to be enslaved by feelings.\nHaha\nChuck is totally gay.\nFagdom? Youre a clueless homophobe who doesnt know the difference between gay and transgendered.\nGeneral  the difference is birth defect vs morally degenerate decision \nIts funny how they think all MTF transexuals want to molest little boys, so their solution is to make sure they have to share the same bathroom with those little boys. Way to go North Carolina!\nMr. Horner is right.  Mr. Jordan should know better than to leave his players and staff in a hate state like NC.\nThe Sick Of Stupid Comedy Tour plays Charlotte April 20th.\nhttps://laughstvshow.com/2016/04/08/sick-of-stupid-comedy-tour-is-coming-to-north-carolina-and-virginia/\nSince everyone else is either leaving or not coming.  Think it should be mandatory viewing for residents of Charlotte.\nCharlotte did not cause Hb2.  Charlotte responded to what the community  wanted.  It was argued back and forth for over a year before we finally approved the ordinances that made lgbt equal for the first time.   What caused this is the Raleigh  asked Republicans that have no sense of what is right..  They bushwacked the Democrats and Independents.\nYou want to know of the real results of this?  Now you have women in the mens room and men in the ladies room,  because they could not get thier birth certificate changed. That is if they follow the law.   I can tell you many are in ignoring it in the interest  of personal safety.\nWhat this law and the many other attempts in other states are really are attempted genocide of the trans population.  Read the definition of genocide and if you are open to the facts you will see how this fits\nYou wonder who I am..  I am an open and out transwoman who is legally able to use the ladies room.   I am also a veteran,  one of over 300,000 transgender veterans.  I am also the one who requested the tower here in Charlotte lit in the pink,  baby boy blue and white that are the colors the trans community flies on our flag.  I am a real person,  not sick or delude,  I know who I am.  I arrived here through much pain and agony. All I ask for is respect of my identity.  You do not have to understand  me or even like me,  but I earned your respect when I sacrificed myself to serve in the military.  And to you people who think otherwise,  I have this to say:  you are entitled to your opinion and beliefs,  but you are not entitled to force them on me. This is constitutional  law.\nGood for NBA.  I love to see the outrage spreading and action being taken.\nI hope this will make North Carolina change that stupid law\nWell done. There will be no rewards and no respite for the bigoted and hateful.  Let it be known.\nThe NBA is legit!\nChickenshit haters need to move to the Middle East. They dont tolerate gaydom there.\nIt is absolutely incredible that sooo many of the commentators will write about this law with out actually reading it! it is nearly identical to a federal law! The Charlotte law was instigated last year by a convicted sex offender!If, for the day, a man feels like a woman he can invade the toilet or shower while a woman or girl is using it. Men have already disrobed in front of women and children at WalMart! In Calif a sex offender, dress like a woman disrobed in front of women (claiming that to now be his right) he was arrested! Everybody is tramplng on the Rights of women!!! What do they wanr next? our voting rights?\nNope, sorry transphobe, thats not how it works. When my trans* wife goes to the bathroom, the only thing on her mind is a need to pee, and its usually a desperate need to pee because people like your ignorant ass make her paranoid of using public restrooms. What this law is saying is that a trans* man who hasnt had bottom surgery (which means he still has a vag), but looks like his gender in every other way, must share the bathroom with your wife and daughter; and a trans* woman must share the bathroom with transphobic sods such as yourself (assuming youre male, because in my experience most transphobes Ive met have been). Your line of thinking matches Mike Huckabees, who said that if hed known this was a thing in high school, he would have told coach every day he felt like a woman after gym class so he could go sexually harass the girls. In actual fact, it is far more common for trans* individuals to be harassed in public restrooms than for them to be the harassers.\nBS!  Thats not what this law says at all.  It MANDATES that ALL people MUST use the bathroom of their BIOLOGICAL BIRTH SEX IN ALL PUBLIC facilities (private facilities are free to decide their own course of action).\nThere is NOTHING discriminatory about this law in anyway shape or form.  The ONLY reason this has gained any kind of notoriety and traction is that naturally the ACLU and WEALTHY LGBT community is trying to misconstrue this as a CIVIL RIGHTS ISSUE.\nThe LGBT community are a bunch of loud mouthed, whining wimps and this is yet there latest demand.  They are opening a can of worms because they feel uncomfortable using the bathroom there supposed to use like everyone else because they feel uncomfortable in front of their own sex.\nTransgender is a misnomer term.  In reality they have cognitive identity disorder.  That is they have trouble perceiving / coping with their biological sex most likely based on some past traumatic event.  Could be abuse of some kind, a brain injury, drug & alcohol abuse, etc.\nThe point is these people SHOULDNT be using the bathroom of the opposite sex AT ALL.  They are emotionally / mentally unstable and that makes them unpredictable.\nThat is the problem with this law! It takes tax payer money and uses it for public restrooms to discriminate against human beings. Bottom line. I dont care what private restrooms do or how they discriminate, that is up to them. When its public  its my money  and I dont want it being used to violate anyones human rights. Dumbass.\nTransgender is a misnomer term. In reality they have cognitive identity disorder\nWrong. Check DSM-5 , the bible of the Psychologist community, is very specific about us.  Gender Identity Dysphoria is the diagnoses. This is not classed as a disorder or mental defect.  It is a condition that is medically treatable.\nThere is medical proof that the condition occurs prenatal.  When the fetus reach the brain develop stage late second trimester, the androgen flood  fails  for the baby that at eight weeks already has male characteristics, so the child is born with a female brain and male body. We are a fact of science and are a reality.  It also occurs in nature in some species.\nso rather than spouting your psuedo-knowledge, maybe you should spend some time studying and opening up your brain the this worlds reality.  But that may be to hard for you, as you would rather hate and be part of genocide.\nOddly Crist,  a federal law .  exactly which one?\nAre you jus making up silly stuff?  Or are you actually believing someone elses made up silly stuff?\nA federal law nearly identical  this North Carolina travesty?  Nope  theres no such animal (and thats why you didnt document your claim).\nAre you just making up silly stuff?  Or do you actually believe made up silly stuff someone told you?\nREAD READ the LAW!  Women do not want men in the Men in the Restroom!\nI wonder where the 2017 All-Star game will now be held?\nThis is a huge win for the LGBT community!!!\nI live in North Carolina.  I was born in North Carolina.  I love North Carolina.  I despise what this corrupt governor Pat McCrory has done to bring national scorn down on our state.  Besides his unprecedented power grab (he only talks about bathrooms, he never talks about the devastation he and his cronies wrought in ending the ability of towns and cities to protect their citizenryincluding Veterans and the disabled, his destruction of ordinances that have existed here for decades now, or his across-the-board freeze on wage hikesall of this is is overreach way beyond his callous indifference to vulnerable minority peoples), Pat McCrory is responsible for one of the most devastating environmental disasters in human history right here in our stateit was allowed to happen on his watch.  We had third largest coal ash spill in human history on our pristine watersand McCrorys response is only to pass legislation to further protect the polluters (including his own former employer) from prosecution!  Then there is his war on voting, part of which which has resulted in a Supreme court ruling against his gerrymanderingour elections are a mess, even had to be split up, because we have been ordered to ungerrymander the mess to end the illegal race hate.  Many of our top minds in the state have found themselves jailed in the protests against wholesale theft of the vote here in North Carolina.  So thank you for this bold move to reinforce fairness and reject Pat McCrorys form of discrimination.  McCrorys evil agenda is crystal clear, and most fair minded people see right past his deceitful sleight of hand when all he wants to talk about is bathroom etiquette.  We will suffer in the short term, but in the face of sick and twisted discrimination which is what this hateful bill is all about, we will eventually emerge healthy and healed in the end.  I am glad the nation is seeing McCrory for exactly what he is.\nFunny thing, Jeremy\nI can say almost the very same things about myself and Texas, what with Ws theft of the Gubernatorial Election against Miss Ann Richards, back in the 90s.\nWay to go, NBA!  And Im sure Charleston or Columbia would welcome the Hornets!  As well as the Panthers\nIm so sick of everyone Not doing there homework and not having common sense. Just last year The FBI busted one of the largest underground child pornography. And if they allow this to happen it is goin to open the door for phedophiles and rapest people dont think out side the box. Its not abt hate. Whats goin to happen when you have males dressing up to and entering rest rooms to get lil boys then everyone gonna hv something to bitch about. Its nothing with anyone being transgender but if they hv not had sex change then they shldnt be able to use the bathroom as us\nThe article addresses this, if you actually read this. How would a law stop this now or when there wasnt a law?\n-\nWhat a ridiculous law that makes absolutely no sense, Bradley said. According to this law, a transgender man, a person with a vagina but has male features, such as a beard, now has to go into the womens bathroom. Then the police get called. How exactly do they verify whats going on there? Does the transgender man have to drop his pants or is that person required to be carrying their birth certificate at all times? And according to the idiots behind this law, its about stopping sexual predators. How? Is it really that hard for a man to put on a wig and a Hillary suit and go into the womens restroom? No. This law is about bigotry, hate, intolerance and taking away human rights from the LGBT community.\nColonel.  I have seldom read a statement that was as ignorant as yours. How did you ever make Colonel and please tell me you are retired and no longer any influence over our military.\nThis is why I say all states should have the same laws!!!!\nThis is AWESOME!! NOT un-awesome!!\nYELL Michael I would move the team to another state. The maybe that half baked foot ball team will move too.\nPeople better watch out a lot of people are caring concealed weapons.\nAs a candidate running for Congress, I approve of this article!\nTHis is awesome!\nId love to see the sports teams at Duke and UNC take the lead here too. I they refused to play until this stupid law was repealed the law would be toast.\nThere is precedent here:\nhttp://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/11/09/sports/ncaafootball/missouri-football-players-exercise-power-in-racism-protest.html?referer=\nObviously, the Commissioner Hates Real People and GOD (The Majority)! I believe, Just Because these Individuals hate themself and their Parents. Its Not Others Fault. Born a Male Use the mens . Born a female use the Womens Bathroom.  No I Dont Want Pedophiles, Rapist, Sexual Prediators, Stalkers, Sexual Advances/Attacks in the Same Bathroom as My Children, Grandchildren to Tramumatized and Exposing them Causing of Uncaring People Choices.. Maybe We Should Stop Buying and Going to NBA Games and Items..\nIm unclear. Do you want all of these supposed pedophiles using the same bathroom as your grandsons or granddaughters? Because theyre going to be using either male or female facilities.\nThe Evangelistas are on the move. Under the guise of bringing  Christian Values back to our schools, our government, our justice system, the clergy are out to theocratize our mostly secular state. Thats what the Taliban do. Thats what ISIS wants to do. The priest class of all three, the First Estate, wants to rule over us.\nI think its great what the NBA is doing! More organizations and companies need to do this until North Carolina repeals this law!\nyep!\nThis is awesome!!! WAY TO GO NBA!!!\nTypical news story by ABC..just giving one sided reporting the issue..no fairness to the truth and what is actually in the bill. Ohhh NBA dont let the door hit you in the ass on the way out of NC!\nWhat is the other side of this story? The NBA canceled the NC game. Should the story also say they didnt?\nThats ~ $200M that just walked out your door and many more to follow. Soon all that money you didnt have is going to show you that when the rest of the world thinks your rules suck, theyre going to play in someone elses sandbox. And YOU wont have any money or any friends to play with. Boo hoo NC.\nSo, the NBA puts the rights of sexually confused individuals over the privacy and safety of woman and female minor children.  Good to knowI think its great they should stick to playing in arenas who like sexual predators and sexually confused individuals in the ladies room.\nTotally agree! I am 73 yr old female and you far lefties are so damn sick. Seperate bathrooms for men and women like it has been for years and it works just fine.\nDid anyone read this story to the end?  What did you think?\nWHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?\nSee!? Inequality is #indefensible, and #COSTLY!\nBRAVO, NBA!\nI am a 73 yr old female and no thank you to this stupid invasive law. Stop discriminating against me and my rights. Bathrooms separate for males and females. You far lefts are truly truly sick.\nThis is awesome!!\nMost NBA stars are thugs themselves so NC is better off without them. We wont miss you.\nAnd who has lost any rights?\nNow who has supposedly lost the right to be considered a specially protected class with rights and privileges above the rest of us?\nThe NBA can pucker up! If you care more about the rights of the perverse over children, then you are not an entity we want in our state.\nAmen!\nHis wife is transgender\nWhat theses Queers are looking for is a killing, if my daughter is in a ladies bathroom aint no man going in ther.\nI guess the NBA is now run by perverts too. If I have to let grown men in the girls bathroom with my daughter to have a live NBA game here, Ill gladly do without thank you.\nTake your stupid games and shove you hear\nwe are living in VERY SICK & DEMENTED TIMES   now our  children  are  safe  NO WHERE    little girls   & little boys   are subject to  ????   God knows  what ,  men allowed  in womans  bathrooms  and  woman in mens   what the   F  is  this world coming to . I am a straight NON GAY female  , i  live & let live , what someone does in their bed room is of NO CONCERN to me ,  but i do NOT want to  use a bathroom used by MALES  and i do NOT want males in ANY BATHROOM MY 4 YR OLD DAUGHTER  WILL USE   PERIOD  !!!!    WTF  is  going on in peoples   heads .  have they ALL become RETARDED ?\nELIMINATE ALL THESE PERVERTS IN THE WHOLE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!\nThis law is stupid. North Carolina is stupid.\nGays, Fags, Sickos, and Mental Illness are ALL one of the same.   To sum it up in one word, Disgusting!   Keep the freaks out of the womens bathroom.   North Carolina has spoken and Im proud of my state.\nWhy is it that liberals believe in freedom of speech, as long as people dont disagree with them?  Youre going to boycott an entire state because you disagree with a law?  Thats like all Republicans refusing to do business with Massachusetts companies because they passed socialized medicine eight years ago.  You liberals are such hypocrites its sad.\nGreenville sc will take them and the Allstar game we only about 80 miles away\nPunishing the city of Charlotte (which had just passed anti-discriminatory legislation a month before) for the wrongdoing of the governor of North Carolina? Wow. Funny how nobody is coming to the defense of Charlottes leaders as if Charlotte did something wrong. What could they do? Its not their fault that their governor is a moron. #standforCharlotte\nFrom Atlanta, GA.\nI wished everyone wouldnt b so hateful I love NC!  If u look like a man go to mans restroom. If you look like a  woman go to womans restroom.  Its simple go in a stall and close the door. STOP THE HATE!!! PEOPLE THAT ARE GAY OR STRAIGHT. THEY WILL B HATE TILL WE DIE ! STOP MAKING A BIG DEAL OUT OF A STATE That is an AWESOME PLACE TO LIVE. PEOPLE WILL JUDGE, BUT ONLY GOD IS THE ULTIMATE JUDGE IN THE END !!\nReading the comments on here by religious freaks are really funny. The spelling and grammar is atrocious. Religion preys on the weak minded for sure; its a good business strategy. For example, look at what Buff E here is saying. His argument for this bigoted, hate-filled law is, If you look like a woman, use the womans restroom and if you look like a man, use the mens restroom. lol Who decides that? Ive seen a lot of women who I thought were men. Is there going to be bathroom ID checkers at the door, like getting into a night club?\nAlso, I cant find one incident online of a transgender individual using the bathroom that applies to them for anything sexual, pedophile in nature or illegal. The transgender friend of mine would use the restroom for the same reason that non-transgender people use the bathroom.\nAlso, Buff E capitalizing all his letters with the exclamation marks reminds me of, LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE!!!\nSpeaking as one who has personally dealt with same-sex attraction, which is an abnormality, NOT an identity, ordinances/laws which affect decisions by individuals (e.g., whether to provide a wedding cake, serve someone in your restaurant, provide a room, whom to hire, etc.) have become an assault on individual liberty disguised as non-discrimination.  WAKE UP, PEOPLE!  Individual Liberty has no real meaning if we as individuals are forbidden by law to make our own decisions about how we live our life, whether others like it or not.\nIndividual Liberty = (the right to) Individual Discrimination.\nONLY when there is Societal (i.e. widespread/pervasive) Discrimination does government have any legitimate authority to address discrimination at all, because Societal (not individual) Discrimination denies Individual Liberty to others (as it did Black people over 50 yrs ago).\nDiscrimination is a word that appears nowhere in the Constitution.  Liberty is the foundation principle, which is being destroyed by non-discrimination laws.  The Preface to the Constitution states: We, the People . to secure the blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution of the United States of America.  Our founders declared that we are endowed by our Creator (not government) with certain inalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.\nLiberty is a right that government cannot deny.  Governments responsibility is to protect Individual Liberty (the right for the individual to discriminate).  Only when Liberty is threatened by Societal (not Individual) Discrimination does government have authority to act.\nHB2 helped to strengthen Liberty in N.C.\nThe NBA and other businesses have the Liberty to make their own decisions about where and how they conduct their business and to express their opinions publicly,  but if they knowingly choose to use their economic power to subvert the Individual Liberty of ordinary citizens through illegitimate non-discrimination laws, then NC (my state) will ultimately be better served by their absence.\nChuck W, I liked what you said and agree with you, but HB2 is different.\nAs a business owner, you should be allowed to be as racist and bigoted as you want to be. Then, people should be allowed to protest you and mock you in real life and online and much as they want too. The problem with HB2 is regardless if the business wants to discriminate against transgender individuals or not, the state is forcing them to discriminate. That is what is wrong with HB2.\nMy understanding of HB2 is that it allows businesses (individually) to make their own decisions about how to accommodate or not accommodate transgender individuals, thus protecting their liberty.  That is their Creator-given, non-government-deniable right.\nWhat have I missed, Dan?  Exactly how is HB2 forcing businesses to discriminate?\nI agree with the NBA & Bruce Springsteen for canceling there events do to this ruling over the transgender bathroom. I think this ruling is really WRONG!!!! This opens a door for pediphiles to go into whatever restroom to attack the children of there choice & take advantage of them or abduct them. I think my Grandchildren should not have to grow up afraid to go to a public bathroom because of what or who is in there.\nAnd how is this law going to stop sex offenders and pedophiles into womens restrooms? Any of the stuff people are scared of here, would happen with or without this law. There has been no cases of a transgender individual in North Carolina doing any of the stuff people are scared of, but they want to make laws, just in case that one time happens. like when that one overdose of marijuana happens\nIf this law allows men who are child molesters, sex offenders, rapist, etc. into the female restrooms there should be no question about it, it should be an automatic NO. Any company, organization, person that supports allowing these men into the restrooms with our mothers, daughters, sisters, wives needs to stay OUT OF NORTH CAROLINA. Dont sell our safety! It is not worth it.\nWow! Now if the NFL would move the Panthers I think places that discriminate should fade away into oblivion. Nice call NBA.  Zero tolerance for discrimination. Zero!\nTo those of you defending this bill. Are you aware that a few weeks ago a child was raped on church property. In my humble opinion, this bathroom argument is a smoke screen.\nHundreds of boys have been raped within the grounds of the Catholic Church. More women have been sexually harassed by so call youth church leaders. The vast majority of child molesters have been adult men. Child porn rings have ALL been heterosexual males. The state of NC is preying on your uneducated population. While your worried about less than 5% of the population, they are lining their pockets. I would wager a years salary that there are less than 100 transsexuals within your state. Please read a book based on science. To base your philosophy on a 2100 year old book written by people who didnt travel over 400 miles out of Iraq is ignorant. Period. Jesus dined with the homeless and prostitutes because he loved everyone. Free your mind and your ass will follow.\nThe problem with this law is it takes my tax money and uses it for public restrooms to discriminate against human beings. Bottom line. I dont care what private restrooms do or how they discriminate, that is up to them. When its public  my tax money  it shouldnt discriminate\nI have 3 daughters. The liberal and dangerous poison of our society now thinks a guy that decided to wear a dress because he is uncomfortable with his gender for whatever reason can now share a bathroom with my daughters. Where are my daughters rights?\nThe Suns owner is obviously more worried about social justice than basketball. They are an absolute horsesh*t franchise. And they want more taxpayer dollars. Maybe Arizona can pass a law that offends him and he will take his team elsewhere.\nStricter voting laws are a great thing. Illegals shouldnt vote. Shouldnt get welfare, food stamps , NOTHING. There illegal start there.  This law just put everyone back in the correct bathroom.  Men in men etc. If your confused about gender use your own damn toilet at home. Dont make your own confusion someone elses problem. Follow society or stay home.\nAnother group of knee jerk imps screwing families out of a pay check for political correctness.  Liberal logic 101.\n@Sabrina Catlin\nI have this to say: you are entitled to your opinion and beliefs, but you are not entitled to force them on me. This is constitutional law.\nAnd THAT my fellow Veteran is a TWO-WAY street ..\nI hate gay people soooo much! Get a room already!\nThis is hilarious!!!\n[] April, the league gave the state 30 days to change the bill. It never did, assuming the league would never call its bluff and eat a large []", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-04-11T15:47:59-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Charlotte, NC \u2014 NBA Commissioner Adam Silver held a press conference today, announcing that Charlotte, North Carolina will no longer be hosting the 2017 All-Star game due to the state's recent passing of the anti-LGBT law HB2."}
{"title": "North Carolina Governor Sets Up Hotline To Report Anyone Not Using Correct Bathroom - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/nc-governor-hb2-hotline-report-correct-bathroom/", "text": "Raleigh, NC  At a press conference today,North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory took further steps to ensure that his controversial bill, HB2, will be upheld when it comes to law enforcement. McCrory announced that his office has setup a 24-hour hotline for individuals to call if they witness someone not abiding by the new law.\nIf you see a woman, who doesnt look like a woman, using the womans restroom, be vigilant, call the hotline, and report that individual. McCrory told reporters. We need our state to unite as one if were going to keep our children safe from all the sexual predators and otheraberrant behavior that is out there.\nTom Downey, a spokesman for the Governors Office, explained the new hotline to reporters.\nBeginning today, individuals that notice any kind of gender-suspicious activity in the mens or womens restrooms are encouraged to call the new HB2 Offender Hotline, Horner said. We encourage North Carolinas residents to take photographs and report as much detail as possible when calling. With the information gathered from this hotline, well be working closely with local law enforcement agencies to make sure this law is enforced and those who break the law see jail bars. We are sending a clear message to all the transsexuals out there; their illegal actions and deviant behavior will no longer be tolerated in the state of North Carolina.\nI applaud HB2, the offender hotline they setup and Governor Pat McCrory, North Carolina resident Steve Jenkins told local news station WTVD. As a man, how would some women like it if I followed her into the restroom and just told her that everything is OK because Im transgender? She wouldnt like it at all, and thats why you need a law like HB2.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News HB2 and the new hotline make no sense.\nIn the history of North Carolina, not one sexually related criminal act has happened in a bathroom by someone who is transgender. No arrests, no convictions, but they still want to make laws, just in case that one time ever happens. Its like making laws outlawing marijuana in the event that someone actually ever dies from it, Bradley said. There were plenty of laws already in place before HB2. It doesnt matter if youre a man, woman, transgender, or what bathroom you use; if youre in there longer than 5 minutes after using the restroom, someone is going to call the cops. This new law is about people living in fear, gathering together around their weird ideologies and religious beliefs to create more intolerance and hate in this world, bottom line.\nI dont want my money, my taxes going towards anything that discriminates against anyone, especially in public bathrooms, said North Carolina resident, Steven Hamilton. I dont care what a private individual or business does and how hate-filled they want to be, because I can protest and show as much discontent towards them as I want to, but when it comes to my money, those places better be free for all to use, no matter what sexual identity a person may identify with. Hamilton continued, Also, I have an eight-year-old daughter who I dont like using the restroom by herself. What am I supposed to do now? Take her into the womens bathroom and hope I dont get arrested or take her with me into the mens restroom and hope the cops dont get called? And what if the cops show up and I dont have my birth certificate on me? Would I actually go to jail? All of this is completely insane.\nSince Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law last month, well over 1,000 jobs have been moved out of state, and over 400 companies, including Facebook, Apple, Paypal, Pyramid Country and StopPack, have expressed concern or anger, warning they may move or cancel plans to expand, costing the state millions of dollars. Entertainers such as Pearl Jam, Ringo Starr, Bryan Adams, Bruce Springsteen and Cirque du Soleil have also canceled their performances in North Carolina to boycott the law. Pressure has been put on the NBA to cancel the All-Star game in North Carolina next year, though as of yet, the league is not budging. It is still unclear what kind of an economic impact these boycotts will have on the states economy as a whole. NBC estimates that North Carolina has lost $186 million in revenue due to boycotts so far.\nTo report suspicious bathroom activity, North Carolina residents can call the HB2 Offender Hotline at 1-800-662-7952. For individuals living outside of North Carolina, please call (919) 814-2000. To file a complaint after normal business hours, call (919) 814-2050 and press option 3.\nThis is great news! Bravo Pat McCrory! He signs the bill and helps enforce it too! Now that a real man!\nIS he a real man? Wheres his birth certificate?!\nYou are exactly whats wrong with this country and this state, and why weve become a laughingstock. This is foolishness. There is nothing about this law or this hotline that gives any more protection than we already had if someone suspicious looking showed up in a bathroom they dont belong in. And you can be sure the warped individuals who do do are just heterosexual perverts, not transgender. All this does is cause us to take a bigger hit financially as a state as companies boycott, and create a situation that will tax law enforcement. THINK woman. People have already started campaigns to jam the hotline, rendering it useless and pointless. And now law enforcement personnel is supposed to get involved and waste our tax money on hunting down people in photos taken in bathrooms? REALLY? Have you lost your mind? And I cant wait to see the reactions of people like you who report someone who looks like a burly man in a restroom, only to find out they were born female and are actually following your stupid law to the letter. Wise up. The weight of your stupidity is more than the rest of us can stand much longer.\nYou are so correct. I am not an American but this whole thing just floors me.\nGreat.  Now this guy is ENCOURAGING people to take pictures of people doing their business in bathrooms and forward them to the cops?  All because someone doesnt look female enough?  Orange County California got sued for big bucks many years ago because some A$$hole deputy decided to arrest a female powerlifter coming out of the womens room at a powerlifting competition.  Settled for $9.2 Million.  Talk about hitting the lottery!\nAnyone taking pictures of me doing business in the bathroom will get sued for invasion of privacy, and for pandering when they send the pictures to the cops.    I actually liked North Carolina when I worked there back in 1985.\nTo Mia and others who are against this bill you apparently have not heard about the incidents like at Potomac Mills Mall in Woodbridge, VA recently where a man did enter a womans restroom and is now being held on charges of peeping and taking pictures (he was dressed as a woman). There have been other cases where women and young girls have been molested by sexual perverts. The big problem is that ABC and the other so called main media stations and outlets will not report this as it is not part of their agenda.\nIll ask the question Mia asked, Have you lost your mind?\nAnd let me ask you Mickey. What happened in your example? The person who committed a crime was charged with one. Sex crimes are already illegal regardless of what restroom you decide to use. Virginia doesnt have HB2 or anything like it. Claiming youre transgender isnt a defense against criminal actions and it never has been. So what is HB2 looking to fix if the crime is already being prosecuted? If you can get past the fear for a moment, its pretty clear this is a targeted attempt to make life difficult for a group of individuals the lawmakers of North Carolina dont like. Even if you work on the assumption that this law is well intended, it doesnt negate the fact that if youre worried about your young kids being photographed or molested in public bathrooms, the best solution is to be in there with your kids. If you arent, the crime will already have happened by the time you call the HB2 hotline to report it. And I mean no disrespect by criticizing your arguments, but its important to know what a law actually accomplishes versus what the intent was. All emotion aside, its pretty clear this law attempts to fix a loophole that wasnt actually a loophole and ends up discriminating against innocent people purely based on the way strangers think they look.\nBrian, that man who was arrested at the mall wasnt transgender.  This stupid law wouldnt have stopped him.  women are in exponentially higher danger of being sexually assaulted by a boyfriend, spouse, classmate or coworker, and children by a family member or family friend, than either are of being assaulted by a transgender person.  It just doesnt happen.\nAnd, in the absence of a crime wave perpetrated by transgender persons, the only other reason remaining for this law is prejudice.  You should own up to it.  And then you should also realize that your personal shortcomings as a human being are no reason to deny another person of their civil rights and human dignity.\nIm waiting for the inevitable lawsuit when someone does this, and the not transgender woman sues McCheese down to HIS undies.\nIf I am ever in N.C. and McCrory walks in to  a bathroom without a birthcertificate, I will call a press confernce. Right after I stuff his face down a crapper and flush him all the way to Atlanta.\nI called and gave them governor Pats address in Raleigh and said:\nId like to report a suspicious person in the mens room. Theres an individual in there with short brown hair and glasses who claims their name is Pat and is in the right place, but Im fairly certain this person got no balls, please investigate immediately.\nSo, we have SECRET police reporting on people?\nAre you, and he, REALLY this ignorant and bigoted?\nPathetic and bigoted.\nBut then again, what do you expect from the GOP\nMy husband is female to male, tattooed, bearded, and still muscular. He will need police protection when he uses your ladies room. Can he arrange for police escort using this hot line?\nSure.  Hes a real man. Because a real man tears down those he serves, instead of lifting them up. A real man fears what he doesnt understand. A real man seeks to exclude those that only want to be loved. A real man uses what tenuous power he has to create an air of discrimination and hatred. Yep, this is a real man. If real men are discriminatory, heartless cowards and bigots.\nI just called the hotline and let them know I used the correct bathroom today and asked them if I should fax them a photo I took while in the restroom along with my birth certificate they hung up on me\nOmg.  You are my new best friend!  *high five*\nI just called them and was told the line was not usable right niwalso called the govs office and couldnt leave a message, but do 919-814-2050 and you can leave a message.  I did and told them I could see a transgration all the way from Pa.  Lmao, hope they get lots of crap calls !!!\nLol, yeah im sure thr office is getting calls.  This is being shared.  Look into their office for comments on messages ABC!  Lol\nOMG, best comment\nGood for you!\nGood! Im calling everytime I see one of those creepy faggits using the bathroom!\nGood, the law says gays can use the same bathroom that you do.\nFU coward\nYou sad, bigoted excuse for a man. I bet you dont like the japs or the beaners either do you? And Id bet you are ALL FOR a Trump presidency. Why dont you spend some time with the people you ahte so much. Maybe, just maybe you would find something admirable about them. Because Im telling you, these faggits are ten times the man you will ever be..at least the way you are going now.\nIf youre going to be that much of a bigoted idiot and use an offensive slur, at least spell it correctly.\nIn the past several weeks, music artists Bruce Springsteen and Ringo Starr both canceled North Carolina concerts. Bryan Adams canceled a Mississippi appearance. In halting their shows, each of these artists were exercising their right of conscience  in order to oppose laws designed to protect a persons right of conscience. They are doing exactly what many bakers, florists, and wedding venue owners have done!\nNope. Not the same thing. The same thing would be if the baker, florist or wedding venue owner closed completely to protest gay rights laws. But if theyre open and offer a good or service, they must sell that good or service to anyone, regardless or their race, religion or sexual orientation. What would be the same is if the musicians you mentioned held their concerts but refused to sell tickets to conservative Christians. In that case, they would be discriminating against a class of people by refusing to sell them a service they otherwise sell to others.\nExactly. What is it about this that bigots dont understand? If Springsteen had said We are having our show, but no gays or lady-men allowed! then, and only then would it be the same thing.\nSpringsteen would have to stop people at the door based on selective criteria (Are you a bigot? No concert for you.) to make this an apt comparison. Exercising conscience is only acceptable to the extent that it affects everyone equally.\nSteven Hamilton, I dont care what a private individual or business does and how hate-filled they want to be\nHate-filled? Pure projection on their part. Whats wrong with these people?\nLiberal insanity.\nMore Republican elected officials have been arrested in restrooms than transgender people. Yes. Hate-filled.\nPlease provide sources to support your false claim.\nLiberalism is a mental disorder.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZL3axcwDz8\nLiberals are mentally insane. Seek help ASAP.\nhttp://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2016/04/11/more-republican-politicians-than-trans-people-have-been-arrested-for-sex-acts-in-bathrooms/\nask and you shall receive.\nI love you , Pam !  Even got a Bible quote on there\nConsidering the low percentage of transgenders (0.3%, 0.003) in the US the ratio equates to about 5,000 to 1 or more.\nCan you provide a list of over 5,000 Republicans that have been arrested for restrooms crimes for each single person that claims to be transgender that have arrested?\nYour liberal logic is skewed beyond reason.\nYeah. Those crazy bastards. Wanting the same rights and freedoms everyone has. Darn liberals. Wanting marijuana use to no longer land innocent people in jail for decades. Crazy people. Liberals. They even want women to make the SAME AMOUNT OF MONEY A MAN DOES!! Can you believe that craziness??\nI take it youre extremely ignorant re the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1967.\nWhy doesnt that surprise me of your kind.\nThese fools are republicans not liberals. People should be on the phone 24/7 telling how stupid they are. Only an idiot would create a problem, just to kill the economy, of a state so far in debt. Radical Christians I am a American who wont follow insulting laws by any religion thats against my liberty.\nLiberalism is a mental disorder.\nRadical Christians I am a American who wont follow insulting laws by any religion thats against my liberty\nMental insanity. Seek help ASAP.\nrepublicans are insane, especially christian republicans\nPlease provide sources to support your false claim.\nYou suffer from the DunningKruger effect.\nAnd wheres the proof for your claims?\nIf you believe in an invisible sky daddy and youre an adult that is pretty good proof that youre insane .\nHillbillies are not real men.\nSo, you condone ignorance, stupidity, and bigotry, eh?\nPlease provide your source for your comment that Liberalism is a mental disorder. is a mental disorder. Ive reviewed the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders revision V.  The DSM is the standard for defining mental disorders. And I couldnt find a reference to support your statement.\nPerhaps its in the ICD 10?   Probably not though\nLyle H. Rossiter, Jr., M.D. received his medical and psychiatric training at the University of Chicago. He is board certified in both general and forensic psychiatry and has diagnosed and treated mental disorders for more than forty years. He has been retained by numerous public offices, courts, and private attorneys as a forensic psychiatrist and has consulted in more than 2700 civil and criminal cases in both state and federal jurisdictions.\nAre Liberals Out of Their Minds? Why do modern liberals think and act as they do? The radical lefts politics and its destructive effects on our basic freedoms have provoked many to speculate on what makes these people tick. The Liberal Mind answers the question. This book is the first systematic analysis of the political madness that now threatens to destroy the Wests greatest achievement: the American dream of civilized liberty. In his penetrating analysis, Dr. Rossiter reveals modern liberalisms assaults on: The freedom of adults to make good lives for themselves by cooperating with others, The ability of families to raise children to be self-reliant and mutual, and The morals, rights and laws that protect our freedoms. Modern liberalisms irrationality can only be understood as the product of psychopathology. So extravagant are the patterns of thinking, emoting, behaving and relating that characterize the liberal mind that its relentless protests and demands become understandable only as disorders of the psyche. The Liberal Mind reveals the madness of the modern liberal for what it is: a massive transference neurosis acted out in the worlds political arenas, with devastating effects on the institutions of liberty.\nBased on strikingly irrational beliefs and emotions, modern liberals relentlessly undermine the most important principles on which our freedoms were founded. Like spoiled, angry children, they rebel against the normal responsibilities of adulthood and demand that a parental government meet their needs from cradle to grave.\nA social scientist who understands human nature will not dismiss the vital roles of free choice, voluntary cooperation and moral integrity  as liberals do. A political leader who understands human nature will not ignore individual differences in talent, drive, personal appeal and work ethic, and then try to impose economic and social equality on the population  as liberals do. And a legislator who understands human nature will not create an environment of rules which over-regulates and over-taxes the nations citizens, corrupts their character and reduces them to wards of the state  as liberals do.\nThe roots of liberalism  and its associated madness  can be clearly identified by understanding how children develop from infancy to adulthood and how distorted development produces the irrational beliefs of the liberal mind. When the modern liberal mind whines about imaginary victims, rages against imaginary villains and seeks above all else to run the lives of persons competent to run their own lives, the neurosis of the liberal mind becomes painfully obvious.\nBasically liberalism is a willful failure to mature beyond adolescence that can have catastrophic consequences for society. With luck, the official diagnosis of this disease by a mental health professional will facilitate the search for a cure.\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=Liberalism+is+a+mental+disorder\nLiberalism is a mental disorder?\n.please provide evidence to support your false claim. ^^\nI have provided a link.\nIts really simple. You just left click and highlight the phrase then right click. When the context menu appears select search whatever your search provider is.\nHeres an example from Google search.\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=Liberalism+is+a+mental+disorder&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8\nTake your pick.\nThats very basic skills. Google is your friend, most of the time, or it was.\nThe reason I say that is because the internet has become flooded with an overwhelming amount of misinformation. Its like finding a needle in a haystack these days.\nIf you research the sources of this misinformation youll discover it comes from left leaning liberal sources.\nWhy do I ask that question?\nBecause I hope someone will take the bait and provide a link to the misinformation they hold so dear to be true so I can debunk their misinformation and inform them with knowledge of the truth.\nHow many truths can there be?\nIs it possible for more than one truth to exist?\nLogic dictates there can only be one truth and anything other than the truth is a lie.\nHow many lies can there be? The number is infinite.\nBuried deep beneath an infinity of lies exists a single truth.\nWithout knowledge of the truth one lives a lie. To live a lie is to live in vain.\nThe truth matters much. Seek it as if your life depends on it because it does.\nLyle H. Rossiter, Jr., M.D. received his medical and psychiatric training at the University of Chicago. He is board certified in both general and forensic psychiatry and has diagnosed and treated mental disorders for more than forty years. He has been retained by numerous public offices, courts, and private attorneys as a forensic psychiatrist and has consulted in more than 2700 civil and criminal cases in both state and federal jurisdictions.\nAre Liberals Out of Their Minds? Why do modern liberals think and act as they do? The radical lefts politics and its destructive effects on our basic freedoms have provoked many to speculate on what makes these people tick. The Liberal Mind answers the question. This book is the first systematic analysis of the political madness that now threatens to destroy the Wests greatest achievement: the American dream of civilized liberty. In his penetrating analysis, Dr. Rossiter reveals modern liberalisms assaults on: The freedom of adults to make good lives for themselves by cooperating with others, The ability of families to raise children to be self-reliant and mutual, and The morals, rights and laws that protect our freedoms. Modern liberalisms irrationality can only be understood as the product of psychopathology. So extravagant are the patterns of thinking, emoting, behaving and relating that characterize the liberal mind that its relentless protests and demands become understandable only as disorders of the psyche. The Liberal Mind reveals the madness of the modern liberal for what it is: a massive transference neurosis acted out in the worlds political arenas, with devastating effects on the institutions of liberty.\nBased on strikingly irrational beliefs and emotions, modern liberals relentlessly undermine the most important principles on which our freedoms were founded. Like spoiled, angry children, they rebel against the normal responsibilities of adulthood and demand that a parental government meet their needs from cradle to grave.\nA social scientist who understands human nature will not dismiss the vital roles of free choice, voluntary cooperation and moral integrity  as liberals do. A political leader who understands human nature will not ignore individual differences in talent, drive, personal appeal and work ethic, and then try to impose economic and social equality on the population  as liberals do. And a legislator who understands human nature will not create an environment of rules which over-regulates and over-taxes the nations citizens, corrupts their character and reduces them to wards of the state  as liberals do.\nThe roots of liberalism  and its associated madness  can be clearly identified by understanding how children develop from infancy to adulthood and how distorted development produces the irrational beliefs of the liberal mind. When the modern liberal mind whines about imaginary victims, rages against imaginary villains and seeks above all else to run the lives of persons competent to run their own lives, the neurosis of the liberal mind becomes painfully obvious.\nBasically liberalism is a willful failure to mature beyond adolescence that can have catastrophic consequences for society. With luck, the official diagnosis of this disease by a mental health professional will facilitate the search for a cure.\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=Liberalism+is+a+mental+disorder\nwhich laws are those?\nSo many people are calling that line its been closed down. \nIts not a weekend retreat or some kind of fetish for these people, its a life choice, whether they get the surgery or not.\nTyler,\nI see youre extremely ignorant about a medical condition.\nWhy doesnt that suprise me of your kind.  After all, you condone and encourage ignorance and bigotry, as well as total stupidity.\nI called and told them I just used the correct bathroom and was in compliance with the law. I also texted a dick pick as proof.\nNice\nI called and asked them if they have Battletoads\nSo now a person who is born a female but identifies as a male- perhaps has taken steroids, worked out, and looks like a buff male, is both required to use the female bathroom by this insane law, AND is likely to be reported for doing so, as they say they are encouraging people to call in if they see what they think are men, in a womens bathroom.\nWell that is so much more important than housing, feeding and getting employment for the people of your state. What school of stupid did you morons attend,?\nsuch a good point  one a group of us were just mentioning  sorry NC has an idiot for a governor!\nTake pictures and leave as much detailed information as possible?  REALLY now!?  Take Pictures?!  Sounds kind of perverted if you ask me.  Isnt that exactly the kind of thing this law is supposed to keep from happening.\nI was wondering if anyone else picked up on that.  Gov McCrory just gave us all a license to take all the bathroom pics we want!\nThis is going to backfire so badly.  I anticipate a story tomorrow about the hotline being shut down due to a flood prank calls.   How do hey actually expect people to take this thing seriously. Let fun commence!\nIm pretty sure theyre going to be doing that. I called to prank them but the mailbox is full XD Ill try again tomorrow after theyve had time to sort through all the very important messages theyve been receiving. ;P\nAmazing that something that wasnt a problem for decades is now a problem that is still not a problem. Fear mongering at its best.\nBravo, brilliantly written. Thanks for your support! We are going to break their phones with this\nIm a transgender man.  I look like a man, I pee standing up.  I would be forced to use the womens room in North Carolina.  Were I to follow the law, I would be reported for gender- suspicious (whatever that means)  activity.\nWere I to use the mens room, where I believe I belong, nobody would notice.  Nobody has noticed in the 8+ years Ive been using the mens room.\nDo you really want me in the womens room? Would that make anyone safer?\nNobody has noticed in the 8+ years Ive been using the mens room\nThen you have nothing to worry about if you continue to do the same.\nKeith Mexcept that it is now illegal to do so, when it wasnt before.\nKeith has all the answers.\nWhich is exactly what I would do; however, is it fair to basically force me to break the law?\nRepublicans are morons. I have very short hair and wears jeans and sweatshirts or tee shirts I am a woman if someone pulls out an iPhone Ina ladies room I will pull my shirt up and show them 2 c cup breasts the sue them\nWell, now its legal for them to take pictures (considering youre in NC? Its not a problem anywhere elseyet.), so you wouldnt be able to sue them.\nIs it legal, though?  Just because the governor said people should take pictures doesnt mean its now legal.\nThis should be examined.  If the governor is suggesting people do something illegal (which I cant help but assume it is, to take pictures in a bathroom), shouldnt he be held accountable?\nHahaha, thats your proof. You do know his research has been thoroughly debunked, right? Hes no expert, has been deemed to be not credible by a judge, cannot qualify as an expert witness and was forcibly removed from the court. Try again, Sparky. Whats a mental disorder is thinking this law is needed or will do anything except encourage violence against trans folk. You knuckle dragger need to do mankind a solid and die!\nI hope some fool takes a photo of a minor in the bathroom. That should warrant a child porn arrest. Talk about opening Pandoras box! Lol, sometimes I crack myself up. Pandoras box, hahaha\nTheres no epidemic of bathroom assaults in this country. You know what there is? A rash of suicide among trans people because of BULLSHIT like laws like this, up 41% up since last year. These laws are tunnel vision, echo chambers of hate, people who cant understand what these people  human beings- have to deal with because of this.\nA rash of suicide among trans people because of BULLSHIT like laws like this, up 41% up since last year\nThen they need to seek mental help rather than blame it on others like you did.\nWell in Tennessee they are passing a law that trans people are not allowed to see a mental health professional. Also their depression is based on all the discrimination happening to them. So the best cure would to be to remove the discrimination.\nin Tennessee they are passing a law that trans people are not allowed to see a mental health professional\nPlease provide sources to support your false claim.\nhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/tennessee-lgbt-counseling_us_570c4c4de4b0836057a23d63\nDude, are you a broken record or a web bot? You keep saying Liberalism is a mental disorder and please provide sources to support your false claim. You know what I want? I want you to provide sources to prove your claim that liberalism is a mental disorder.\nI think someone should call the hotline and make a report anytime ANYONE is seen entering a bathroom in North Carolina.  Just to be on the safe side.\nGoddamn faggits using our bathroom! Why dont they get their own island or something??\nGotta LOVE the ignorance and stupidity of bigots like you.\nBecause taking pictures of people while they are in the restroom isnt creepy or aberrant. Nope, not in the least.\nSO embarrassed for my state.\nNothing to worry about??? How much paint have you been huffing? This new law will put this human being in jail now for what he was doing in the past if he gets caught. What is wrong with you fucking idiots!??\nI just called, they were glad I did!\nyes a great excuse for all those kids who want to crank-call! Pass the number around the schools!   1-800-662-7952, outside of North Carolina (919) 814-2000\nTell them your poop color, if the bathroom was clean or dirty, the scent of the soap, ask what to do if wearing a kilt, blow up those numbers!\nLets call McCrorys statements exactly what they are: signs of mental illness.\nI cant wait for all the false imprisonment lawsuits when butch cis-women and trans-MEN start being toted off to jail.   THIS will be so fun to watch\nIm personally hoping to see the state of North Carolina, The Cop that made the arrest, the person that reports this crap ALL end up paying out MILLIONS.\nAnd when this crap is taken up by the supreme court? OMG will i be rolling\nThe part of all this that worries me is why are all these politicians thinking about little girls going pee?\nSo anyone else think that #reportPatMcRory should start being a thing that happens? I mean by law hed have to be investigated formally to ensure he wasnt guilty of violating this law by going in the wrong restroom. I assume anonymous reporting is allowed (I mean it always is with Despotic witch hunts, isnt it?), so there should be relatively little blowback for those who call to report. Would be hilarious to see this hotline shut down like a week after it starts because the governor is under 1,000 different civil lawsuit investigations for possible misuse of the womens restroom. Ha!\nThis is fantastic! Every person that is wrongly kicked out can sue for Millions of Dollars! Also, we should make sure that everyone in the entire country calls this hotline, overwhelm the system. Once it breaks, call the Governors office directly: (919) 814-2000\nMy 12 year old just overheard me discussing this with a teacher friend.  She asked if we were talking about Nazi Germany.  When I explained she told me it sounded like Nazi Germany and Russia under communism.  Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it.  A 12 year old gets it when grown men dont!\nGovernor McGrory, because of HB2 bill, I am ashamed to say that I am from North Carolina. I think that setting up this hotline is an insane idea. Why do you insist on putting so much emphasis on the use of public bathrooms? We all know that there are many layers to this HB2 bill. Because of this bill, I am going to work even harder to get Roy Cooper elected as our next governor. It seems as though you are showing less leadership ability than you ever have.\nWhat a pathetic joke this is. I cant wait to come and pee all over your state. This is beyond anything I could imagine. A bunch of really cultural incompetent turds.\nThe Public Facility Privacy and Security Act calls on everyone to photograph others in public facilities.  Also, Governor McGrory would love to see whatever pictures you take.  Especially if they have a penis.\nSo, let me get this straight Governor; you are encouraging people to take photos in bathrooms in order to enforce a bill that you supposedly enacted to stop people from taking photos in bathrooms?\nWow. Report to big brother suspicious behavior lol\nAnd here I thought the GOP were supposed to support less government and more freedom. This sounds like KGB paranoia to me. Yes lets all start reporting each other for not being perfectly conforming little stepford wives. If we report and then jail everyone who isnt normal pretty soon we will ALL be in jail lol\nHello North Carolina,  get ready for the discrimination law suits to come rolling in.  This is illegal, you know it, and you will lose.\nNorth Carolina Politicians, this is discrimination and you know it.  Get ready for the lawsuits, and you will lose.\nAny man encouraging people to take photos on restrooms is a pervert\nGet ready for the lawsuits N.C.\nImagine if he set up a hotline to call when people are not receiving adequate healthcare in NC and then signed the Medicaid expansion like a responsible government should do. That might actually make a difference in North Carolina.\nYou know this is pure discrimination, and many lawsuits will be filed and won.  This is as bad when blacks and whites were segregate\nI called and gave them governor Pats address in Raleigh and said:\nId like to report a suspicious person in the mens room. Theres an individual in there with short brown hair and glasses who claims their name is Pat and is in the right place, but Im fairly certain this person got no balls, please investigate immediately.\nThis is ridiculous.. As if this will stop little boys from being molested in the mens bathrooms??? WHAT ABOUT THEIR protection?? Why dont parents start taking their kids to the restrooms if they are so paranoid??\nI wish that I could think of something witty to say, but my first thoughts when hearing of the hotline were STOP!  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!  and ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  I am from North Carolina and have always been proud of my state, but I am beyond ashamed now.  Whenever I speak to my out-of-state and international friends, I tell them that the Republican government does not represent the majority of the state and that were not all bigoted.\nId like to ask Governor McCrory a question.  What do you think will be the result when a female who transitioned to a male and looks and dresses like a male goes into the womens bathroom to comply with HB2?  And when a male who transitioned to a female goes into the mens bathroom to comply with HB2?  How many hotline calls do you think that will generate?\nEND THIS.  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.\nThese transgender devaints urge to make fools out of people!\nWhat about the alleged heterosexual deviant who wants me to sit in the bathroom taking pictures of everyone I dont think belongs there!  The governor needs to get the hell out of the womens bathrooms and let EVERYONE pee in peace!\nThis is awesome!\nSo me as a European thinks this is pretty pathetic. Its no deal unless you make it one. Next thing they will have toilets for black people?! Oh no, thats illegal because it discriminates But this new law if totally fine. Guys, we have unisex toilets in our offices and no one cares whos using them because we are all normal people\nI want the hotline number to report the PERVERT that was peeking at me through the stall to try and figure it out!\nHello Gov. McCrory? I just looked through the tiny slot in ladies room stall and I could have sworn I saw a penis. Should I hold my hand against the door until police arrive?\nKudos to the first person to report the governor  he looks like a male, but hes just a pussy\nWelcome to McCorys Cultural Revolution.  Next hell be calling for something like the Red Guards.\nMaybe they can also set up a hotline to report acts of bestiality. Oh waitits legal there. Never mind.\nHavent they got better things to do in N.C. than report on who is using the bathroomlike, I dont know, maybe eradicate poverty and improve education? Just an idea\nThis is terrifying.\nFor anyone who is transgender or gender non-conforming, for anyone who does not look like what McCrory thinks you should look like, please use this map my partner and I created as a guide to find safe restrooms in establishments where the owners/managers have openly opposed HB2 and pledged alliance with the LGBTQIA community: http://www.safebathrooms.club\nAnd please reach out if you know of more places to add that are not listed on the map.\nWe are NC natives and most of the businesses listed are in North Carolina, although we have expanded it nationally and are accepting submissions from anywhere in the U.S.\nFor allies in North Carolina: Please consider wearing an #illgowithyou button and be someones buddy if they need to use the bathroom and dont want to go alone. Get a button here: http://www.illgowithyou.org/\nAshley Christensens restaurants in Raleigh have unisex, single-stall restrooms.  Please add Pooles, Beasleys Chicken and Honey, Chucks, Fox Liquor Bar, Joule Coffee and Table, Death and Taxes, and Bridge Club to your map.  And thank you!\nhttp://m.indyweek.com/food/archives/2016/04/26/dont-tell-ashley-christensen-what-to-do-with-her-bathrooms\nhttp://ac-restaurants.com/\nYes, the people taking photos of people in the bathroom are protecting us from deviance also gender-suspicious activity?! Ive never heard anything more blatantly in violations of title 9 not to mention the fact that they are the ones dictating that people should be categorized by sex, NOT gender!\nHa, this is going to get trolled so hard\nIm confused. So now they are encouraging people taking pictures of people in bathrooms, which is supposedly going against what they are trying to prevent? Now whos the pervert? That would be the Governor of North Carolina.\nOMG, how many asshats does it take to fill Raleigh?  Lets try THIS: WE are sending a clear message to all the ASSHAT Politicians out there; YOUR illegal actions and deviant behavior will no longer be tolerated in the state of North Carolina.  roflmao. Lets ALL just hang out in the bathroom. Its our public duty, (as opposed to doing doodie in public) Lets ALL see if we cant report at least three questionable restroom experiences. Daily. I mean, we all know they are EVERYWHERE! ! !  How do you get people who wont believe in evolution to evolve?  Folks are capable of growth and change but evidently they just arent willing. To report suspicious bathroom activity, ALL North Carolina residents can call the HB2 Offender Hotline at 1-800-662-7952.  Lets all call!  Over and over!  I think I just saw a dog wearing a pink collar AND balls!  Help!\ncall the HB2 Offender Hotline at 1-800-662-7952.  I just saw a dog wearing a pink collar AND BALLS peeing by the ladies restroom.  HELP!\nI just tried calling the HB2 Offender Hotline at 1-800-662-7952 and the mailbox is full and theres no one available to accept my call! HELPHELPHELPHELP (the recording says nothing about an offender hotline. Its just CrackCrorys office suggestion line.  RESIGN.  Best suggestion I can give you, ASSHAT.\nSo funny articles like this actually have an effect on people, you know. The Transgender community already has to face the ire of all these rednecks. Theres a reason the suicide rate is so high. This really shouldnt be something you should joke about.\nWorse yet, you might give the fascists ideas.\nWere posting this number all over and were going to crash their system with calls about McWhorey, his whore wife, and all their friends and family.\n1-800-662-7952\nPat McWhorey set this number up so we could post it on the internet and report him and his family and friends for being in the wrong bathroom and trying to touch our genitals. Theres going to be a link for us to send porn and dead bodies to so they can pleasure themselves. Thousands of pictures and calls and texts are encouraged.\nIm going to go to NC, walk into this idiots office, punch him in the face and then cut his dick off and ask him which bathroom you gonna use now you fucking cunt\nRegistered Sex Offenders around the country are barred from certain places and activities. For instance, they cannot generally be in places where children congregate. They are banned in public parks in some jurisdictions. They are banned on beaches in some states. They are banned in swimming pools, school bus stops, child safety zones, libraries, so forth and so on. In Texas certain sex offenders are even restricted in what sort of jobs they may obtain (bus driver, amusement ride operator, taxi cab operator, any unsupervised service in a residence, etc.)\nHowever, I have yet to find a single instance where REGISTERED SEX OFFENDERS are barred from using a public restroom. Not one. I may have missed something. Either way, a detailed search of the Texas Criminal Code, and the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure yielded no results.\nWithout such a law being, not just on the books, but widespread, the entire argument for the transphobic bathroom laws being pushed by neo-cons, that they are for public safety, falls utterly flat on its face. After all, if these paragons of public decency do not feel the need to protect our children and our women-folk from actual REGISTERED SEX OFFENDERS, why do they feel the need to protect from weakly theoretical sex offenders  because they find transgenderism icky?\nSimple fact of the matter is that MORE Republican officials have sexually assaulted people than transgendered people have.\nThis is great! Now I can peer over the urinal to see if the person next to me has a nice cock and if I am caught I can just say I was checking to see it was a real man?\nI am a Tar Heel and as such am surprised that its taken this long for McCrory to show his true stripes. So what am I supposed to do if I go into a mens bathroom and see him or any of the legislators that voted for the bill in there? Should I call the police? They /*certainly*/ are not men . . . I have an idea. Since now we have a hotline to support suspicious-looking sleazeballs who hang around bathrooms, we do have justification after all. They certainly are sleazeballs and they certainly are suspicious-looking . . .\nI think its a great idea to call those numbers and give McCrory hell for this BS legislation which does a great deal more harm than good.\nSo, something like this can be expected shortly?\nhttp://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/mcdonalds-boots-out-teenage-girl-7706043\nCall 1-800-662-7952* and tell them there is someone using the mens room at 200 N Blount Street in Raleigh, NC and you are pretty sure it isnt a real man.\nOver the past month, with all these new bathroom laws in place, Ive learned that the Republican Party sees the act of using the restroom as an extremely sexual activity.\nOh wait, I forgot my hall pass from the teacher! For the Love of God, give me a break!! Hell, lets just all go outside. Find a bush and do your business.  This has GOT to be the most idiotic and ridiculous notion yet.\nThis is a clear cut of taxpayers having their tax dollars spent and having no say in how it is spent. Couldnt this money being spent be used on something more worthwhile?\nDAUGHTER: Mommy, why is there a Man in the ladies restroom??\nMOM: Man, where??\nDAUGHTER: (points at man in hat, jeans, shirt, tats,, a very masculine man) There mommy..\nMOM: Excuse me, what are yoy doing in the womens restroom..We dont want no guys in here..youre scaring my daughter.Im calling the Cops!\nMAN: Well, you see mam, I am a trans-man, born a woman, but lives and dresses as a Man. Cause of some Dumb law passed by conservative ignorant republicans that says I have to use the restroom of the sex I was born as, and not as the gender I identify with, I have to use this restroom, or I cvan be fined or put in Jail. Ya better get used to seeing guys likle me in womens restroom for now on. Now let me Pee in pease, oh and Btw, I just saw a hot sexy supemodel lookling woman go into the mens restroomyou want her in the same restroom as you Husband?? better get used to it.\nShame on you, governor. The transfobic violence is EPIDEMIC.\namen\nId like to leave a large, steaming, suspicious pile of diarrhea on the governors desk.\nI tried to call and leave this message on his hotline but I just couldnt get through. I hope many NC residents will cheerfully convey my message to these transphobic, homophobic, simple-minded bigots.\nYep, yall go ahead and start taking photos of people in restrooms. Cant wait until you get someone whos underage on your camera roll. Child pornography charges are WAY worse than anything you think a trans person will do in a bathroom. Yall were worried about sexual predators, you just gave them the go ahead to take photos of lots of little boys and girls under the guise of upholding the law.\nWell, I thought the whole thing was so people would not take picturesnow they are saying TAKE PICTURES OF PEOPLE IN THE BATHROOM . I pray they find God. <3\nHeres what I dont understand, if this bill or law is supposed to protect women and children, then why make it easier for men to sneak into a womens bathroom? Seriously, think about it. Lets say there are 3 people who look like men. One is a convicted child molester trying to get into the womens room, one was born female, and one is a convicted rapist trying to get into the womens room. All 3 of these manly looking people are trying to use the womans room, but only one has a legal right to use it. How can you tell which one was lying? Under this bill, all 3 can just say they were born female, and walk in! All 3 look like men. Now if you allow people to use the gender they identify with, then all 3 would be in the mens room. Also, if someone tried to fake being trans to get into the womens room, it would be obvious. You cant just fake being a trans woman (born male) one day without looking like a man in a dress. It takes years, medicine, money, and sometimes surgery to pull off looking like the opposite sex. Way to go NC! You just gave men a way to walk right past you into the bathroom. All they have to do is claim to be a trans man now (born female).\nHes fucking his own state so hard in the ass right now.  He is the very embodiment of a soul so twisted by hate, his own depraved agenda, and his own self view of everything as dirty, that he is completely and willingly blind to all of the harm that he does to all around him with the filth of his own vileness. Just pick the scapegoat of the week.\nPure projection on your part.\ncongratulations North Carolina for beating Texas as the dumbass state in the united states\nWhat state do you live in?\nWow! With all the other shit in the world going on you Americans are worried about someone who sees themselves as another sex (something thats been happening for many many years) using their respective bathroom?\nWhat a bunch of cunts. Fuck USA for sure most importantly, fuck North Carolina as a whole!\nWhat country do you live in and are men allowed in womens restrooms there?\nI called the number and reported suspicious bathroom behavior. I noticed someone next to me didnt wash their hands. GROSS!!!\nAre you proud that you abused the system by using it in a manner outside of its original intentions?\nThe only logical explanation for doing so is because you did it out of spite.\nThese are the same people that just begged the courts to be lenient on convicted child molester Dennis Hastert.a bunch of hypocrits", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-04-27T12:00:53-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Raleigh, NC \u2014 At a press conference today, North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory took further steps to ensure that his controversial bill, HB2, will be upheld when it comes to law enforcement. McCrory announced that his office has setup a 24-hour hotline for individuals to call if they witness someone not abiding by the new law."}
{"title": "Senators Whine About FCC's 25 Mbps Broadband Standard, Say Nobody Needs That Much Bandwidth - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/senators-whine-about-fccs-25-mbps-broadband-standard/", "text": "All six of the senators that complained to the FCC about lowering their 25 Mbps broadband standard are in the pockets of one or more internet service provider (ISP). The ISPs want a lower broadband standard to increase profits so they hire senators to complain to the FCC for them. It is absolutely fucking insane this corruption is allowed to happen. These are BRIBES given to evil, greedy assholes, who care nothing about the people that elected them; they only care about the money. And no one does anything to stop this; people just keep reelecting these unethical, immoral motherfuckers year after year after year.\nThe letter complaining to the FCC about their 25Mbps broadband standard was signed by:\nRoy Blunt (Mo.)\nSteve Daines (Mont.)\nDeb Fischer (Neb.)\nCory Gardner (Colo.)\nRon Johnson (Wis.)\nRoger Wicker (Miss.)\nWhat money they receive and from who:\nRoy Blunt (R-MO): $55,700 from Comcast, $26,000 from AT&T, $21,500 from Verizon\nContact: https://www.blunt.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact-roy\nSteven Daines (R-MT): $15,000 from AT&T, $13,500 from Comcast, $13,000 from DirecTV (now AT&T)\nContact: http://www.daines.senate.gov/connect/email-steve\nDeb Fischer (R-NE): $20,000 from Deutsche Telekom (T-mobile); $16,000 from National Cable & Telecommunications Assn; $15,250 from Comcast; $15,000 from AT&T; $13,750 from Cox Enterprises; $13,000 from Verizon; $9,500 from National Telecommunications; Cooperative Assn; $9,150 from CenturyLink; $7,500 from Cellular Telecom & Internet Assn\nContact: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact\nDeb Fisher has a Stand Up For Life quote on her homepage LOL\nCory Gardner (R-CO): $ 27,600 from CenturyLink; $23,000 from National Cable & Telecommunications Assn; $23,000 from AT&T; $20,500 from DirecTV (now AT&T); $18,350 from Comcast; $16,500 from tw telecom.\nContact: http://gardnerforco.wpengine.com/contact-us/\nRon Johnson (R-WI): $15,000 from Verizon; $10,000 from National Cable & Telecommunications Assn; $10,000 from AT&T\nContact: https://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/email-the-senator\nRoger Wicker (R-MS): $36,500 from Cox Enterprises; $32,500 from Comcast; $27,000 from National Cable & Telecommunications Assn; $17,000 from AT&T; $11,500 from Verizon; $10,500 from Deutsche Telekom (T-Mobile); $10,000 from Time Warner Cable\nContact: https://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact\nThe following is the story from TechDirt\nJust about a year ago, the FCC voted to raise the base definition of broadband from 4 Mbps downstream, 1 Mbps upstream  to 25 Mbps downstream, 3 Mbps upstream. This, of course, annoyed the nations mega providers, since the higher standard highlights the lack of competition and next-generation upgrades in countless markets. It especially annoyed the nations phone companies, given that the expensive, sub-6 Mbps DSL foisted upon millions of customers can no longer even technically be called broadband.\nFast forward a year and the broadband providers favorite politicians in the House are still whining about the improved definition. In a letter sent to the FCC last week (pdf), the six senators complained that the FCC is on a mad power grab, using a crazy and arbitrary new definition to saddle broadband providers with all manner of onerous regulations. Besides, argued the six Senators, 25 Mbps is more than any American consumer could ever possibly need:\nLooking at the market for broadband applications, we are aware of few applications that require download speeds of 25 Mbps. Netflix, for example, recommends a download speed of 5 Mbps to receive high-definition streaming video, and Amazon recommends a speed of 3.5 Mbps. In addition, according to the FCCs own data, the majority of Americans who can purchase 25 Mbps choose not to.\nFocusing on the fact that a single Netflix stream eats just 3.5 to 5 Mbps ignores the fact that broadband connections serve an entire house of hungry users, many of whom will be gobbling significantly more bandwidth using any number of services and connected devices. Its also worth pointing out that a single Netflix Ultra HD stream can eat 25 Mbps all by itself. And on the upstream side of the equation, the FCCs definition of 3 Mbps remains relatively last-generation and arguably pathetic. Similarly, many consumers may not buy 25 Mbps because the lack of competition can result in high prices for faster tiers.\nIn other words, claiming 25 Mbps is some kind of arbitrary, pie-in-the-sky standard is absurd.\nOf course, the Senators dont really care about technical specifics, theyre just blindly echoing the broadband industrys annoyance that the FCC is now actually highlighting the lack of broadband competition in the market. Theyre specifically bothered by this recent FCC study, which notes that two-thirds of U.S. households lack the choice of more than one ISP at speeds of 25 Mbps or greater. Companies like AT&T and Verizon also dont like how this data highlights the fact theyre giving up on rural America and many second- and third-tier cities, freezing broadband deployments and in some cases even refusing to repair aging infrastructure.\nAnd while its certainly true the higher standard helps prop up the FCCs Congressional mandate to ensure quality broadband is deployed in a reasonable and timely basis (and by proxy its Title II reclassification), a lot of the FCCs efforts have quietly involved eliminating regulation, ranging from streamlining tower placement and pole attachment regulations, to eliminating the kind of awful state level protectionist laws that keep municipal and public/private broadband networks from taking root in incumbent duopolist territories.\nAt the end of the day, incumbent providers and the politicians who love them are simply annoyed that the FCC has any standards whatsoever, since that makes it immeasurably harder to pretend that the nations broadband competition and connectivity issues dont exist.\nThe complaint letter to the FCC:\nNote from the author: I was tagging this article as Republican. Then I realized that I actually didnt know what party these six senators were affiliated with, I was just assuming Republican. So I checked, and I was right. Then I laughed. Then I felt sad about this reality.\nUPDATE 3/2/16\nI just got a response from Senator Ron Johnson about Net Neutrality. This sentence was in the email: The term net neutrality might sound good, but it is just a clever name for government control of the Internet.\nThe whole email is bullshit, but that sentence above made me sick. Hes using it to manipulate people while getting paid (bribed) by ISPs to push their agenda thru, attempting to silence free speech. This person has lost all his morals years ago and is nothing but a greedy, evil, shill for whoever can pay him the most money. and hell probably get re-elected again by the same people who he does not serve.\n==========\nDear Mr. Horner,\nThank you for contacting me regarding the issue of net neutrality.\nOn February 26, 2015, unelected bureaucrats at the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted 3-2 to impose heavy-handed regulations known as net neutrality on the Internet. The term net neutrality might sound good, but it is just a clever name for government control of the Internet.\nSince the Clinton administration, the FCC has wisely applied a light regulatory touch to broadband services, resulting in a highly successful broadband industry. The FCC reversed that bipartisan policy decision after consulting with outside interests rather than Congress. The decision is wrong, and the process raises serious questions about the presidents inappropriate influence over what is supposed to be an independent agency overseen by Congress.\nThank you again for contacting my office. It is very helpful to hear the views of the constituents I serve. To date, my office has received more than 1,800,000 letters, emails and phone calls. My mission is to provide information to as many people as possible concerning the enormous financial and cultural challenges facing America.\nPlease see my website at www.ronjohnson.senate.gov for additional information. It is an honor representing you and all the people of Wisconsin.\nSincerely,\nRon Johnson United States Senator", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-03-02T10:56:37-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "All six of the senators that complained to the FCC about lowering their 25 Mbps broadband standard are in the pockets of one or more internet service provider (ISP). The ISP's want a lower broadband standard to increase profits so they hire senators to complain to the FCC for them. It is absolutely fucking insane this corruption is allowed to happen. These are BRIBES given to evil, greedy assholes, who care nothing about the people that elected them; they only care about the money. And no one does anything to stop this; people just keep reelecting these unethical, immoral motherfuckers year after year after year."}
{"title": "The Unmasking: Ted Cruz is Definitely the Zodiac Killer - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-unmasking-ted-cruz-is-definitely-the-zodiac-killer/", "text": "The Internet is the international online truth machine, and no matter how much the government may try to cover up massive conspiracies, the internet manages to find the truth. People in positions of prominence and authority are the most likely to be involved in such schemes, and as a result, have their secrets uncovered by diligent internet citizens. As such, Ted Cruz, a junior senator from Texas and candidate for the Republican nomination has become the center of a particularly enthralling and convincing conspiracy. We will stateit simply:\nTed Cruz is definitely the Zodiac Killer.\nMost people know quite a bit about the Zodiac Killer, without ever uncovering who he was. He committed a series of killings in the Bay Area of California about forty years ago  resulting in up to three dozen killings  after which the killer, presumed to be Ted Cruz, sent letters to California including a coded message.\nThe messages were coded with symbols, forming what is called a cipher. A cipher is something like this:\ndtz itsy sjji yt yjqq rj ymfy ymnx fwynhqj bfx f izrg bfxyj tk ynrj fx n fr fbfwj\nThese notes, coded and uncoded, went on for years. The killer was never identified.\nUntil now.\nSo how did this come back to Cruz? Simply put, various online internet sleuths.\nThe Daily Dot, which is to Internet happenings as News Examiner is to reliable news, traced the origin of the Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer theory back to 2013 with the following tweet:\n#CPAC Alert: Ted Cruz is speaking!! His speech is titled: This Is The Zodiac Speaking\n Red Pill America (@RedPillAmerica) March 14, 2013\nPublic Policy Polling, a left leaning polling firm was convinced by Twitter users to let the truth come to light by including their question on the end of their Florida poll.\nIn this poll, nearly 40% of Floridians believe that there is at least some possibility that Ted Cruz could be the Zodiac Killer. Soon, Snopes, a website definitely bought out by the government to prevent the truth from coming to light, will likely write an article debunking this theory. Do not believe them.\n1) They look scary alike\nThe resemblance is uncanny, perhaps besides the portrayal of the Zodiac wearing eyeglasses. The lips, the hairline, and the ears are incredibly similar. Even the chin and facial shape are disgustingly similar. Unfortunately, the person who originally made the Zodiac sketch was probably too high to include Cruzs signature eyebrows. Not only that, but its well established that Cruz has an unsettling facial expression, making it look like he is permanently in a state of disgust, especially when he smiles. Its not difficult to deduce  something is clearly bothering him in the back of his mind.\n2) His name appears in at least one encryption\nOf course, the most difficult codes to solve would be the ones that give away the identity of the killer. As well, the first 25 characters are able to be decoded to say I, TED CRUZ, AM THE ZODIAC KILLER.\n3) His campaign logo is a cryptic anagram\nEnough said.\nSites like The Washington Post claim theres no way he could have committed the murders due to him being too young at the time of the murders. Unfortunately, those websites are easily paid off to ignore the existence of reptilians. I must ask, why would Ted Cruzs campaign slogan be TrusTed if he didnt have a scaly secret?\n5) He hasnt denied it\n\n\nAnd let me reiterate Look at that disgusted smile.\nWant to continue to expose Cruz, AKA Zodiac, while helping the women he screwed over in his home state? Buy a rad as frick t-shirt HERE!\nYou caught me. I can deny it no longer. I am the zodiac killer.\nTitanium tits\nVote for a real leader. Not a government protected killer.\n Vote for Bernie sanders 2016 yo.\n  #feelthebern\n#trumptrumpingtrumpbybeingtrumpedbybernie\nWith love  the donathan\nCan somebody attack me please?\nCan someone attack me please?", "section": "BREAKING", "published_date": "2016-02-26T07:53:32-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "The Internet is the international online truth machine, and no matter how much the government may try to cover up massive conspiracies, the internet manages to find the truth. People in positions of prominence and authority are the most likely to be involved in such schemes, and as a result, have their secrets uncovered by"}
{"title": "Bill Murray Kicks Off Presidential Campaign In South Carolina With A Bang - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/bill-murray-kicks-off-presidential-campaign-south-carolina/", "text": "Charleston, SC  Just one day after the Democratic Primary, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, Bill Murray, brought his newly announced Presidential campaign to Charleston, South Carolina, speaking to an estimated crowd of over 100,000 cheering fans and supporters.\nHello South Carolina! Are you ready to get weird or what? Murray said to the roaring crowd.\nMurrays speech, which lasted a little more than an hour, touched on many issues from his campaign, including increased wages, health care, the cost of higher education and human rights in general. The rally also included wine tasting and stages where the people in attendance were allowed to sing karaoke.\nI saw the Republican debate the other night and it made me sick to my stomach, Murray told the crowd. Here are grown men, candidates running for President of the United States, and theyre acting like 4-year-olds. Theyre up there on stage, broadcasted to the entire world, calling each other names, interrupting each other, making complete fools of themselves and I just thought to myself; I think the American people deserve better than this. I know we deserve better than this because we are better than this.\nPolitical analyst, Paul Horner, told ABC News he has taken an extreme interest in what Murray is doing since he announced his run for President just a little more than a week ago.\nI dont know if Bill Murray is really running for President or if hes just having some fun, but the man is making some excellent points out there. Hes getting people to think about the state their country is in right now and making a lot of people happy while doing it. I applaud Mr. Murray for what hes doing.\nI pretty much dont like any of the candidates that are running for President right now, Murray told the crowd, I think Bernie Sanders seems like a decent guy, but the rest of em, are pretty much complete pond scum in my opinion. Murray continued, Im always traveling around the world, but Im proud to call America, the good ole U.S. of A, my home. I think theres a lot of great people here, a lot of potential, but theres also a lot of confusion and hate right now. People dont know what to make of these Hitler wanna-bes like Donald Trump, and the Ted Cruzs, who want to start World War III. They feed on the hate and paranoia a lot of this country has, and because of that, you see them leading in the polls. And its sad that people go along with it, and cant see it for what it really is.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Murray and his run for President.\nWe need a new face in Washington. Someone who has no political ties or agenda and cant be bought, Bradley said. I actually met Bill Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was amazing; hes such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.\nMurray finished the rally by saying, Im no hero, I just want to help out, and I hope you all choose to stand behind me, or beside me, or wherever is comfortable for you, but just as long as its with me. Look, we dont need to make America great again, because it already is; we all just need to try a little bit harder and have more love in our hearts for our fellow man. I think if you can take care of yourself and then maybe take care of someone else then thats sort of how youre supposed to live. Lets all help each other make this the best life experience possible!\nMurray still has yet to announce if he will be running as an Republican, Democrat or Independent.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes, a website that takes the fun out of stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nThis type of story, when it goes viral, and we debunk it, we make money, Mikkelson said. The secret behind a good Snopes article is a formula that we have used since day one, its actually quite simple. First, we start with the same cookie-cutter outline we use for every site that we debunk. Next, we copy and paste parts of the original article into ours. After that, one of our writers will type one or two sentences that talk about the content we just copy and pasted. And now, last but not least, we slap a title on there similar to the articles headline that were debunking. This way it will show up at the top of Google for anyone searching for that story, and thats it! Then we just sit back and let the money roll in. We are the absolute definition of clickbait! Ill tell what, if it wasnt for great writers like Internet news satirist Paul Horner, putting out the stories that he does, my children wouldnt have been able to go to college. Holding back tears, Mikkelson finishes by saying, Though we are currently being sued by Fox News for calling them a fake news site, so lets just hope Paul Horner writes another story soon.\nMurrays campaign team told reporters their next stop is the Arizona State Capitol on March 2nd and then the Tempe Improv later that night. It is rumored Murray will be at the Improv meeting with locals and telling a few jokes. Tickets to that show are only $10.\nBill frickin Murray!!!!\nBill Murray, leader of the free world I like the sound of that\nI think Mr. Murray makes a lot of great points and I know for one I will be voting for him come this November\nI guarantee he will be elected if he runs and hes got my vote! At least hes got that going for him!\nBill Murray can be my President any day!!!\nAt last, someone I can vote for. Im looking for someone that believes in this country, who isnt devisive, who will support education and wont let our jobs go overseas. Thank you.\nBill Murray in 2016!!!\nBill Murray is the coolest person in real life. Im fortunate enough to say Ive met him", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-28T06:45:04-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Charleston, SC \u2014 Just one day after the Democratic Primary, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, Bill Murray, brought his newly announced Presidential campaign to Charleston, South Carolina, speaking to an estimated crowd of over 100,000 cheering fans and supporters."}
{"title": "Bill Murray Unwittingly Breaks Up Bank Robbery In Phoenix Arizona - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/bill-murray-stops-bank-robbery-phoenix-az/", "text": "Phoenix, AZ  A bank robber was apprehended in Phoenix today after stopping to talk with none other than actor Bill Murray.\nPhoenix Police Chief Tom Downey spoke with local news station ABC15 about the incident.\nThe man we currently have in custody apparently had just robbed a Bank of America ATM machine, ran out, saw Mr. Murray walking on the sidewalk and stopped to talk to him. Thats when Phoenix Police were able to apprehend the suspect.\nBill Murray, who is in town visiting friends, told ABC News about the incident.\nI saw this man on the sidewalk running towards me with a bag in his hand. Then he suddenly stopped when he saw me. He asked me if I was the zombie Bill Murray from Zombieland. I told him, sure, why not. Then he started telling me how much he loved me, and how that was his favorite movie. I was polite, I told him that was very nice of him to say. Then kind of out of nowhere, police showed up and tackled the man, Murray said. Some people might call me a hero, but Im no hero. The real heroes today are the men and women of the Phoenix Police Department.\n37-year-old Phoenix resident Paul Horner was at the ATM when the robbery occurred.\nI was just standing behind this guy waiting my turn when suddenly he starts busting in the ATM with all these tools, Horner said. He gets the ATM open and fills a bag up with whatever cash was in the machine, then he runs out the door and down the street. It happened so fast for me to be scared or even get shaken up about it. Though what I am shaken up about is that Bill Murray is the one who stopped this guy and I didnt get a chance to meet him. Horner continued, Bill Murray is my personal hero and today he was an actual hero for the city of Phoenix. What cant that living legend do?\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she isnt surprised by Murrays heroics.\nBill Murray is always doing something amazing, Bradley said. I actually met Mr. Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was incredible; hes such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.\nMurray told ABC News he will be in the Valley this week staying with friends and enjoying the sites.\nThis week I plan on going to a couple things with friends and then on Wednesday will probably end up at the Tempe Improv. Theres a couple comics playing there that night that Ive been wanting to see for a while now. I might tell some jokes if I feel like it, well see. I really like bartending. Maybe theyll let me do that. Regardless, it should be a fun time for everyone.\nThe robber, whose name has not yet been released, was apprehended and taken into police custody. On his person police found a gun and a bag filled with an undisclosed amount of money.\nWay to go Bill Murray and the Phoenix Police! Way to stop the bad guys!\nBill frickin Murray!!!\nI like how the guy only knew him as the zombie Bill Murray from Zombieland\nAwesome!!\nNo one will believe you\nThis is AWESOME!!!\nWhat CANT Bill Murray do??!!\nThe robber only knew Bill Murray as the character Bill Murray from Zombieland?? What a dumbass!\nLeap Day will now forever be known as Bill Murray hero day!\nBill Murray for President!!!\nIf a friend told me this\nStory I wouldnt believe it without proof.\nHeres the proof haha\nThis is totally awesome!!\nAwesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nI <3 Bill Murray!!\nenjoying the sites?  So they sat around on the computer all weekend?", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-03-01T05:00:52-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Phoenix, AZ \u2014 A bank robber was apprehended in Phoenix today after stopping to talk with none other than actor Bill Murray."}
{"title": "Apple Server Most Powerful rack optimized server - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/apple-server-most-powerful-rack-optimized-server/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue. This is how server work when it comes to playing casino games on apple devices.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Fashion", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Designer fashion show kicks off Variety Week - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/designer-fashion-show-kicks-off-variety-week/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Marriott Plays With Sensory-Rich Virtual Reality Getaways - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/marriott-plays-with-sensory-rich-virtual-reality-getaways/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Obama Signs Executive Order: Appoints Rashad Hussain As New Supreme Court Justice - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/obama-signs-executive-order-appoints-rashad-hussain-as-supreme-court-justice/", "text": "WASHINGTON  Just two days after the funeral for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last week of a heart attack at the age of 79, President Obama signed Executive Order 14651, which appoints Rashad Hussain as the new Supreme Court Justice to replace Scalia.\nWe cannot wait for a new President or the Senate Republicans to fill this vacancy left by Scalia, so I have taken it upon myself to do what needed to be done, Obama told reporters at a press conference today. Republican Senators believe that it is appropriate not to act on such an important matter, and as I have shown today, I do not agree with that.\nHussain, of Muslim heritage, is an attorney who has served as US Special Envoy to the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), the second largest intergovernmental body after the UN, and as US Special Envoy for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications. Hussain has also served in the White House Counsels Office and on the National Security Council as a political appointee of the Obama Administration.\nEven though under the Constitution, it is the Presidents job to nominate Supreme Court justices, Obamas selection is already drawing sharp criticism from Republicans. Presidential hopeful Donald Trump told ABC News that he does not agree with the Presidents decision.\nHussain is a Muslim and a sympathizer, just like Obama, and now he takes over the legacy the great Antonin Scalia left behind. The President should be ashamed of himself.\nThe American people should have had a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court justice, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said. Appointing a Muslim to replace Scalia is absolutely appalling.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Obamas decision.\nWe needed someone in there to fill that spot as quickly as possible, Bradley said. Regardless if you agree with Obamas appointed choice of Hussain, Scalia was a disgrace to the Supreme Court. He was a religious radical, a bigot, a racist, against womens rights, gay rights and human rights in general; theres absolutely no reason a person like that should have ever had power like that in the first place. He will always be remembered as being on the wrong side of history.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes, a website that takes the fun out of stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, who is also currently being sued by Fox News for calling them a fake news site, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nThis type of story, when it goes viral, and we debunk it, we make money, Mikkelson said. We use our cookie-cutter outlines, we copy and paste the original article into ours, type in one or two sentences of original content and then we make hella cash. If it wasnt for people like Internet news satirist Paul Horner, my children wouldnt have been able to go to college.\nLegal experts believe Republicans will attempt to block Obamas appointee until hes out of office, leaving the court with a gaping vacant seat for nearly a year.\nObama has a right to do what he did, but well fight him to the end on this, Tom Downey of the Republican National Lawyers Association told reporters. This will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man.\nOf course this Muslim would appoint another goddamn Muslim! Impeach this nigger already!!!\nBro, were all mad about this but you dont need to be racist about it\nPlaying the race card is what you Republicans do. I think President of The United States Barack Whos Sane Obama just made a fantastic SCOTUS appointment regardless of your Islamaphobic hysteria.\nLets keep saying this Ciro! i want to believe were ARE BETTER than bigots. Americans are the best Keeper of Human Rights ever in the world. People! Do not let that change! Also,  make sure YOU VOTE OUT those who DO NOT UPHOLD our CONSTITUTIONAL VALUES.\nTHE O-BOY IS ONE OF THOSE WHO DOES NOT BELIEVE in our AMERICAN CONSTITUTION.  He has worked at undermining its values by blurring the lines between the executive and judicial branches, he is the most divisive prez EVER, and not just because hes a Mullato, hes got a chip on his shoulder that shows through his arroghance, he was raised in a Marxist/Communist home,  hes a treasonous embarrassment to our collective values.\nWe need to apologize for ObamaThere is something wrong with our sick president when he keeps doing things like thisRashid Hussian please forgive him -he does not know what he is doing but this is not something he can not doWe offer our apology & you go home now\nBibi, you opened your mouth and proved to be a fool!!!! Tell me how has he been divisive? Marxist/communist? Treasonous? You sir should quit watching fox, they lie! This President has done nothing(tried to do) wrong, he has been blocked by the Congress and Senate on everything! Why, because they cant believe a Black man has done such an amazing job! So screw you you racist piece of crap, go crawl back under that rock!!! He will go down as one of the greatest President in history!\nLets keep saying this Ciro! i want to believe were ARE BETTER than bigots. Americans are the best Keeper of Human Rights ever in the world. People! Do not let that change! Also,  make sure YOU VOTE OUT those who DO NOT UPHOLD our CONSTITUTIONAL VALUES.\nTHE O-BOY IS ONE OF THOSE WHO DOES NOT BELIEVE in our AMERICAN CONSTITUTION.  He has worked at undermining its values by blurring the lines between the executive and judicial branches, he is the most divisive prez EVER, and not just because hes a Mullato, hes got a chip on his shoulder that shows through his arrogance, he was raised in a Marxist/Communist home,  hes a treasonous embarrassment to our collective values.\narana your fears are completely misplaced. First up its a secular  country. Second in Islam Muslim women have more rites that in any religion. Islam came and shunned  female infaticide , Islam gave women inheritence rites lomg before we gave them voting rites . Also if muslims raise three daughters well paradise is gauranteed for the parent.\nDid you miss the part where BHO taught Constitutional Law at the U-Chicago law school?  The part where he was there for 12 years and was offered tenure several times?  I think what youre really talking about is how your interpretation of the Constitution differs from his in that his doesnt make blacks/Mulattos/marxists/whatever ineligible for public office.\nI also find it funny how you insist that youre not a bigot but then turn around and use the word mulatto, which is currently only found in history books and in the speech of dog-whistle racists.\nMuslim is not a race, and the shariah law is against EVERY RIGHT OF OUR CONSTITUTION. Shariah doesnt even abide by basic human rights!! Islamaphobic? HELL YES Im Islamaphobic, I happen to like my head attached to my body!! If Islamaphobic means my daughter doesnt get sold to some murderous old peadophile, then Ill own that too! Muslims have NO PLACE IN OUR GOVERNMENT OR OUR COURT SYSTEM!!!\nIgnorance does not become you, but it clearly puts you in the hot seat for everything you said has no validityits all Faux News cybergobblingand youre the turkeythats right, its a secular Muslim country.\nNo, Islam has no place in our government or court system. Please recognize the difference. I also dont believe Christianity or Judaism belong in our government or court system, but I dont have a meltdown when a Christian or Jew gets appointed to a position in either one.\nAmen!\nHERE! HERE!\nYOU ARE ABSOLUTELY CORRECT.  MUSLIM IS NOT A RACE. MUSLIMISM IS A RELIGION. GENETIC STUDIES INDICATE THAT MOST MIDDLE EASTERN POPULATION GROUPS HAVE AN ANCIENT COMMON HERITAGE THAT CAN BE GENETICALLY MAPPED BACKED TO THE FERTILE CRESCENT.  THESE ARE ALL SEMITIC  PEOPLES!  INDIVIDUALS SHOW THEIR IGNORANCE WHEN USING THIS TERM FOR ONLY JEWS, AS IN ANTI-SEMTIC. ARABS ARE BEDOUINS, DRUZ, MARONITES,  SYRIANS, ASSYRIANS, MARONITES, ARMENIANS, SAMARITANS, MANDEANS,\nET AL.\nRemember when Scalia was appointed, and everyone was all up in arms about getting a hardcore theocrat in our secular governments highest court? And we all opposed him vehemently, because he was going to go on to push his radical agenda on the masses\nExcept that Scalia was never a theocrat and no amount of lies from the left will make him one. He never endorsed nor did he argue for a national church, for example. He was a Christian, and what you liberals really mean by theocrat is not someone who wants a theocracy but rather a Christian who lives out his faith. What you fear more than anything else is the public demonstration of Christianity. Admit it.\nSorry, besides being islamaphobic, you are also a MORON!!!! You are too dense to form a single thought on your own, but , you are just stupid enough to vote, we are in trouble!!!! Quit listening to all the other idiots who spread fear and lies, they are the problem, as is Fox news and its so called pundits( they call themselves pundits so they cant be caled out on all their lies by real reporters, sickening! The first amendment gives them that right, but it doesnt mean its right, just an excuse to further their agenda! Sorry for the harsh language, but it is necessary to get the point across! Look up the word Secular, and know this is what our Nation was founded on, not CHRISTIANITY, or any religion for that matter! If you are too stupid to know what is going on, I feel for you, but quit listening to the fear and hate mongers, they are the real threat!!!\nFor those who actually know that we live  under the rule of law and who actually respect our Constitution instead of just paying lip service to it and our Founding Fathers, the last paragraph of Article 6 of our Constitution reads:\nThe Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; BUT NO RELIGIOUS TEST SHALL EVER BE REQUIRED AS A QUALIFICATION TO ANY OFFICE OR PUBLIC TRUST UNDER THE UNITED STATES.\nWhen will ignorant Republican bigots stop defecating on Constitution and actually start abiding by the oaths they took to uphold it?\nPlease read some Islamic book or interact with some Muslim then you will know what is  Shriah. now you just believe only on Propaganda not on actual facts\nLike it or not, our country and legal system WERE founded on Judeo-Christian laws and principles.  You dont have to like it.  There are biblical references all over the campus on DC  in every building  on every monument  in the cornerstone of many of our monuments you will find copies of bibles, the BoR, and the Const.  Have a look at whats embossed on the Liberty Bell  whats the Mayflower Compact say again?\nThe fact of the matter is that oil and water do not mix.  Regardless of how inclusive, progressive, or enlightened you believe you are, theres no place for root Muslims to fit into our Judiciary system.\nAm I afraid of Muslims?  Ive spent more time in the ME than the majority of you mutants and Id take a bullet for any of my Islamic friends out there  and theyd do the same for me.  Doesnt mean I want them making decisions which impact the constitution of this once great nation of ours.  Its time to wake up.\nChris Winfield,  You have a couple things wrong in your comment.  Republicans arent the only ones that play the race card.  No, the appointment is not a fantastic SCOTUS appt.  It is a very dangerous appointment for several reasons.  And, POTUS is again trying to skirt the law.\nWell said\nApparently you missed what the repub lawyer said? Obama had the right to do what he did! It was not illegal. Learn and read stuff before looking stupid.\nYou need to read the article better. A repub lawyer said that Obama had the right to do the appointment as he did. Do read and learn facts before inserting foot in mouth.\nIts a slap in the face of conservative Americans. This appointee is the very essence of what the USA is not. Obama is doing this to continue to destroy our constitution. This should be blocked and continue until the new president is elected!\nI TOTALLY agree with LaronW.  This appointment is an abomination!!  Obama taking his authority WAY TOO FAR!!  Why doesnt someone do SOMETHING about this??\nEliza, then good, they need a slap in the face, you too! WTFU and see whats going on, Ignorant people should just keep quiet, , because as soon as you open that pie hole, you are seen for what you are! PS, are you and Aranna related? You both speak like you are!\nIslamphobic??!?!?!?! Considering everything that is happening in Germany, France, Sweden, Finland, the UK, tell me why we shouldnt have a RATIONAL fear of Islam? Phobia is an irrational fear, a fear that can not be controlled by reasonable standards on common thinking. Americans do NOT have an irrational fear, but yes, there IS a slight fear. Not of Islam, but what muslims can and have done to Americans here. We do NOT want another France or another Germany or another Sweden or another Finland or another UK. So, dont go throwing your liberal labels on Americans who wish to go to the mall, without fear of being blown to pieces or going to a party and being gunned down by those who they thought were peaceful muslims.\nObama is trying to put as many Muslims in power as he can before he leaves office, that way they ( Muslims ) will be a majority populace and can control the world and turn it to shit like everywhere else they have been, WE need to stand up and and take OUR country back\nBro, I dont blame you for having fear about Muslims since what took place by some of them here in USA. But you mentioned other countries name and thats ok too. But for one moment lets be rational, we have fear of them coming to our coutry and doing what they are doing but how about us. Do they not have fear and anger? Million Iraqi people were buchterrd and they were innocent. And thats only in one country. Every single day there are some innocent people getting killed by our wrong action. Why is that they are guilty and we are not? Why is it that, whever they fight back, we call them terrorist but when our administration lies with us to take our country to war so that big corporations can make more profits are hero in your eyes?\nI believe most of you are thinking with your emotions and not your brains. If you believe Obama is overreaching his authority, then it should follow that the Senate Republicans are not following the Constitution by saying they wont consider any nomination for SC proposed by Obama. Id call that an obstruction that gives the president the ability to use Executive Order. If the Republicans were smart they should have gone through the process of critiquing every nominee. They initiated the problem.\nyou cannot use logic to try to describe fear which is a feeling. If you are afraid you need to see a therapist to understand your fear so as not to let it control your life like you have described.\nRight on Chris, I want to see their proof, not just some made up crap!!!!\nIslam..VERSES FROM THE QURAN.. EVIDENCE THAT ISLAM IS Clearly and Concisely Evil, Violent, and Intolerant\nEvery time I write and article that sheds Islam in a negative light, my life gets threatened by muslims, I get hate messages from liberals, and Im labeled a racist by idiots who do not realize that Islam is not a race.\nIf Muslims are so proud of their quran, why would they threaten my life for simply sharing verses straight from their holy book?\nIslam is also not a religion,\nIt is a theocracy and terrorist cult that hides behind the mask of religion in order to acheive its mission of world domination.\nFurthermore, people, including news anchors who call islaic terrorists extremists and radicals, are wrong They are DEVOUT muslims simply following the dictates of their koran.\nI have read the koran and studied it thoroughly. I have read the muslim brotherhoods documented plan for the destruction of America from within.\nI will not submit or convert and I will not allow the death threats, the name calling, and the pack threat mentality stop me from telling the truth about Islam.\nHere it is folks straight from their own Quran.. You read the verses below and you decide..\nPeaceful religion??? NO WAY\nFact: in the 1400 year history of islam, muslims have murdered over 270 million people.\nFact: Since 911, muslims have committed over 23 thousand deadly terror attacks around the world.\nFact: Islam can not and will not peacefully co exist with any other religion on earth. Never.\nFact: Where are all those so called peaceful muslims when the terror attacks occur? Why do they not stand publicly against the attacks as a religious group? The reason.. is in the verses below It goes against their koran.\nMuslim (20:4645)  He (the Messenger of Allah) did that and said: There is another act which elevates the position of a man in Paradise to a grade one hundred (higher), and the elevation between one grade and the other is equal to the height of the heaven from the earth. He (Abu Said) said: What is that act? He replied: Jihad in the way of Allah! Jihad in the way of Allah!\nMuslim (20:4696)  the Messenger of Allah (may peace be upon him) said: One who died but did not fight in the way of Allah nor did he express any desire (or determination) for Jihid died the death of a hypocrite.\nMuslim (19:4321-4323)  Three separate hadith in which Muhammad shrugs over the news that innocent children were killed in a raid by his men against unbelievers. His response: They are of them (meaning the enemy).\nTabari 7:97 The morning after the murder of Ashraf, the Prophet declared, Kill any Jew who falls under your power. Ashraf was a poet, killed by Muhammads men because he insulted Islam. Here, Muhammad widens the scope of his orders to kill. An innocent Jewish businessman was then slain by his Muslim partner, merely for being non-Muslim.\nTabari 9:69 Killing Unbelievers is a small matter to us The words of Muhammad, prophet of Islam.\nIbn Ishaq: 327  Allah said, A prophet must slaughter before collecting captives. A slaughtered enemy is driven from the land. Muhammad, you craved the desires of this world, its goods and the ransom captives would bring. But Allah desires killing them to manifest the religion.\nIbn Ishaq: 990  Lest anyone think that cutting off someones head while screaming Allah Akbar! is a modern custom, here is an account of that very practice under Muhammad, who seems to approve.\nIbn Ishaq: 992  Fight everyone in the way of Allah and kill those who disbelieve in Allah. Muhammads instructions to his men prior to a military raid.\nThe Quran:\nQuran (2:191-193)  And slay them wherever ye find them, and drive them out of the places whence they drove you out, for persecution [of Muslims] is worse than slaughter [of non-believers] but if desist, then lo! Allah is forgiving and merciful. And fight them until persecution is no more, and religion is for Allah.\nThere is a good case to be made that the textual context of this particular passage is defensive war, even if the historical context was not. However, there are also two worrisome pieces to this verse. The first is that the killing of others is authorized in the event of persecution (a qualification that is ambiguous at best). The second is that fighting may persist until religion is for Allah. The example set by Muhammad is not reassuring.\nQuran (2:244)  Then fight in the cause of Allah, and know that Allah Heareth and knoweth all things.\nQuran (2:216)  Fighting is prescribed for you, and ye dislike it. But it is possible that ye dislike a thing which is good for you, and that ye love a thing which is bad for you. But Allah knoweth, and ye know not. Not only does this verse establish that violence can be virtuous, but it also contradicts the myth that fighting is intended only in self-defense, since the audience was obviously not under attack at the time. From the Hadith, we know that Muhammad was actually trying to motivate his people into raiding caravans with this verse.\nimage: http://17msim16n4o7ptuby2h5jaz1.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Screen-Shot-2014-05-13-at-11.22.17-AM-300297.png\nScreen Shot 2014-05-13 at 11.22.17 AM\nQuran (3:56)  As to those who reject faith, I will punish them with terrible agony in this world and in the Hereafter, nor will they have anyone to help.\nQuran (3:151)  Soon shall We cast terror into the hearts of the Unbelievers, for that they joined companions with Allah, for which He had sent no authority. This speaks directly of polytheists, yet it also includes Christians, since they believe in the Trinity (ie. what Muhammad incorrectly believed to be joining companions to Allah).\nRead more at http://janmorganmedia.com/2014/05/proof-islam-evil-violent-intolerant-straight-koran/#dCLV9dWbZAIiXpXz.99\nReally??? Republicans arent the racist ones here. It has been the Democrats, ever since creating the KKK, who have kept a huge thumb on minorities for decades. Do you think a republican started the #blacklivesmatter movement that is also being directed to attacking police officers??? Give me some intellectual back up before you start spewing party shit from your cocksucker hole. Whatever you come up with, Ill have a rubuttal with references.\nFabulous appointment?  We will see how you feel later when Sharia Law is brought into America.  I cant believe the ignorance of Americans.  Beyond belief.\nChris, Your a communist and America hater so your opinion doesnt mean a damn thing Traitor!\nThe cultural play the racist card as well.  Believe it or not, there are republicans that are African American.  To call ALL Republicans racist is not factual.  To say that ALL African Americans are on publican assistance is racist as well, and people that say that are racist.  One day, I pray, that African Americans and all races get along and all of the signs Black Lives Matters will no longer be held high.\nChris Winfeld, you are a Liberal idiot.\nChris some of you people better wake up.  There is more racial encounters since Obama has been in the W H than there has been for decades.  Thats a fact.\nThere has been more Racial descreption since Obama has been in our W H than there has been in decades. We cannot afford to keep putting blinders on and ignoring what is happening to our America. If we keep letting Obama put more and more Muslims in the W H the more we are being taken over by Muslim Brotherhood the more they will jurisdict America and we will be overtaken as a Socialist Muslim Country.  Is this what you want?  I dont know your age but some of our young people in college need to learn about the history of America. Clintons have pulled so much passed the eyes of America that it is pathetic. She doesnt belong even running for POTUS let alone being the President. There is so much that our young people need to know about America in order to vote correctly because they DONT know why the Constitution was put into effect by our Founding Fathers and was inspired of God to them.\nWe need to face what is fact about all the things going on in our Government and what is happening is NOT good for the Rights of the People through our Constitution and the FREEDOMS America has.\nI couldnt agree more.. Wake up you idiots\nIRONIC THAT THIS PAST CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY, I WAS CALLED A BIGOT BY MY LIBERAL DIMOCRATE FRIENDS BECAUSE I DISAGREED WITH ONE OF THE O-BOYS COMMENTS AND POLICIES.  I FIND ITS JUST THE OPPOSITE MR. CHRISSY WINFIELD. THE LIBERALS ARE USING THE RACE CARD MORE OFTEN, BECAUSE THATS ALL THEY GOT.  TOO MUCH PHYSICAL EVIDENCE SHOWING THE BAD UNCONSTITUTIONAL SIDE OF WHAT THE O-BOY-BOY IS ACTING ONBLURRING THE LINES OF OUR GOVTS BRANCHES ARE GROUNDS FOR IMPEACHMENT.  I HOPE IT HAPPENS.  BUT, ALAS, IT WONT. THE O-BOY-BOY KNOWS ENOUGH TO JUST GET UNDER THE CRITICAL LINE.  NOT TOO SHABBY FOR THESE TREASONOUS MARXISTS. FIGURING THIS RUSE OUT WAS ACTUALLY BRILLIANT ON HIS PART. THIS TREASONOUS MARXIST, 0-BOY-BOY, KNOWS JUST ENOUGH OF  THE CONSTITUTION TO START THE MUSLIM COUP THAT TWILL TAKE OVER THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.  THE LIBERALS ARE TRYING TO MAKE IT HAPPEN.\nYour assertions:\n1) You are not a bigot.\n2) O-BOY-BOY is an acceptable term for our African-American president.\nIf you dont see how those two things contradict each other, then please jump off a cliff.\nAint it SO weird how Repblicans are the racists but its DEMocRATS who always bring race into a discussion? As for the trailer trash talking bigot above, he typifis neither Repblican nor Democrat. Hes just an idiot and stupidity knows no party lines\nSo its fine for your LIAR in chief to use RACISM everytime something Spews from his LYING mouth??!!\nDude  He brings race into the discussion because its a problem people shun and dont want to talk about.  Plus Im not sure how he can be racist  if he is black himself and he wants to help others -especially because white supremacy is such a large movement in the US.\nBesides, racism is (according to Merriam-Webster): prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that ones own race is superior\nWhich does not include religion.  So appointing a muslim for SCOTUS should be no different than appointing a christian or jew\nAGREE!!!\nDo you people know this is a satirical article? As in, IT ISNT FUCKING REAL!!!\nThe comments, the blatant racism, the bigotry, the ignorance  just proves how many of you on the right are easily  and I mean easily  misled.\nNow go and retract all the shit you said on Facebook, email a retraction to all the friends and family you shared this with. And if youre in the mood to look at a true idiot, I bet theres a mirror in your bathroom.\nthe Republicans NEVER play the race cartd that is a LIBERAQL attitude  ov er everything. shame on you, shame. obummer hussein is THE WORST president we e4ver haqve  no birth certificate, no school record, except the one that he entered as a foreigh students, and you idiots do not even vet him.l get the hl out of the United States. NO MUSLIM ON THE SUPREME COURT\nYes, some of us are horrified by Obamas defense and even promotion of islam.  Peoples belief systems DO matter and not only does the political ideology of islam want people to murder ALL those who dont conform to their belief system, they believe some pretty scary stuff as well See the following:\nIn a religion that states that those who insult its prophet Mohammad should be put to death, the insanity is self evident. In America, we think the Republicans are crazy for not allowing anyone to have a difference of opinion, but the Muslims have cornered the market on cult insanity.\nIf Muhammad was a respectable individual, then maybe this would not be such an issue. The problem lies in the Korans documentation of its prophet, and the Islamic belief that the Koran is without fault or mistake. Not one word is incorrect in the Koran, muslims believe.\nMy first response is alwaysWhat about Aisha????\nYou see, Muhammad was a documented Pedophile. He forced his friend Abu Bakr to give him his daughter. He said he had a dream about her and since Allah made him dream about this SIX YEAR OLD GIRL, then it was gods will that they be married. Not wanting to offend Allah, Abu Bakr gave his six year old daughter over to Muhammad to be raped.\n(Yes, Any sex with a six year old is rape. There is no possibility for comprehension or consensual sex with a six year old.)\nSo the Prophet of Allah had Pedophile dreams about a six year old girl and used god as an excuse to get her into his tent for nightly rapes.\nThat is all anyone needs to know about Islam. End of story. Its a sick cult with a perverted old man originating the sick , war loving religion.\nNow lets look at what the Koran says about the events of the criminal Pedophile act.\nFirst he took her from her family and married her at six years old:\nAisha (may Allah be pleased with her) narrated that the Prophet (may the blessing and peace of Allah be upon him) married her when she was six years old, and he consummated her in marriage when she was nine years old. Then she remained with him for nine years (i.e. till his death).[2]\nKhadijah died three years before the Prophet (the blessing and peace of Allah be upon him) departed to Madina. He stayed there for two years or so and then he married Aisha when she was a girl of six years of age, and he consummated that marriage when she was nine years old.[3]\nUrwa narrated: The Prophet (may the blessing and peace of Allah be upon him) wrote the (marriage contract) with Aisha while she was six years old and consummated his marriage with her while she was nine years.[4]\nAisha (Allah be pleased with her) reported: Allahs Apostle (may peace be upon him) married me when I was six years old, and I was admitted to his house when I was nine years old.[5]\nAisha (Allah be pleased with her) reported that Allahs Apostle (may peace be upon him) married her when she was seven years old, and she was taken to his house as a bride when she was nine, and her dolls were with her; and when he (the Holy Prophet) died she was eighteen years old.[6]\nAt six years old she was not old enough to have sex with him yet (not physically possible), so he waited until she was nine to have sexbut that didnt stop him from forcing himself on her for those three years. For those three years he was thighing her. This is the act of masturbating with his penis between her legs, or the act of anal intercourse.\nIn fact, the Koran records these acts , showing additionally that after he raped her, he had her clean the sex stains from his clothing.\n231:\nNarrated Sulaiman bin Yasar:\nI asked Aisha about the clothes soiled with semen. She replied, I used to wash it off the clothes of Allahs Apostle and he would go for the prayer while water spots were still visible. \nThe bottom line is that Muhammad was a dominating Pedophile and a polygamist. The koran tells of how the other wives were ignored once Muhammad got his dream of having sex with a child.\nThis act, as sick as it is, is still backed by the religious leaders of Islam today.\na quote from a fatwa by the late and unlamented Ayatollah Khomeini of Iran.\nA man can marry a girl younger than nine years of age, even if the girl is still a baby being breastfed. A man, however is prohibited from having intercourse with a girl younger than nine, other sexual acts such as foreplay, rubbing, kissing and sodomy is allowed. A man having intercourse with a girl younger than nine years of age has not committed a crime, but only an infraction, if the girl is not permanently damaged. If the girl, however, is permanently damaged, the man must provide for her all her life. But this girl will not count as one of the mans four permanent wives. He also is not permitted to marry the girls sister.\nSo the combination of a cult with the originating prophet being a Pedophile, and the followers today threatening anyone who has any negative comment about this Pedophile with death. Actually they are not threats.\nWith all this evidence, both historical and current, about the insanity of Islam, it amazes me that you still see people defending it.  Dont get me wrongI find faults in all religions. It is just that Muhammad was an especially perverted originator of a religion.\nAnd then theres the race card played by the racist, regressive left (against Jews) all over the soon to be gone free west. As a leftist myself, I could puke at the regressive  lefts moral disintigration.\nYou are a realist then. This has nothing to do with party affiliation, because you sound like an old school democrat, before the radicals hijacked the party. The crazies in the dem party put their ideology above country and our citizens. Shameful whenever any politician does that.\nis this person a native born American citizen ? Does he meet the requirements of the constitution for a Supreme Court Justice ? the president just cant appoint someone without the Senate vetting them and voting them in . you cant use the exe order to place someone in that position.  Obama just cant change the rules and requirements . Obama needs to be put in his place quickly.\nwilliam, foolish boy, native born apply s to POTUS not SCOTUS!\nThe president has a right to nominate someone. And the senate has a right to not confirm that nominee, or to block any and all nominees. Also even though the president has a right to appoint a justice, albeit a marginal right, it is by executive order, and can be overturned by the next president. There are also judiciary rules to these eos by a president, meaning if he violated judiciary rules for appointments, it can and will be overturned. One branch of the government doesnt get all the power.\nFinally after reading all this garbage a person with some sense wrote! Thank you Dave Campbell!\nf\nMuslim is a race now? Like caucasian and asian and african? And here all this time I thought it was a club - like the Nazis or the KKK. Get your white guilt head out of your butt and wake up. Hating Islam is fully acceptable behavior, exactly the same as one would hate any other wife beater, child molester, rapist or murderer.\nRace card is always pulled by barack and Michael obama, last i checked they were not republican. They are racist pigs doing all they can to get the race war going in full force. They are causing all Americans to tear the country apart with all this race crap. We are humans black white mixed asian mexican etc Dont let them do this to our country.\nDiane,\nKeep up what youre advocating and work hard until Nov to get a good candidate elected that will heal the wounds the O-boy-boy has wrought upon us!  Im leaving this site because most here are troglodytes, not caring truly about American, just as the O-boy-boy doesnt, or theyd shut their tyroglo mouths and work helping to restore what is good about America. Dont let that murderous Benghazi babe get elected, either, or well have more of the same for the next 4 yrs.\nNo, playing the race card is what you niggers do.  I am so sick and tired of being made out to be the problem when its ghetto niggers and sand niggers who are indeed the problem.\nDo you not realize that the use of the word nigger is fundamentally racist?\nThe ONLY function of SCOTUS is to determine wether a law is consistent with the U.S. Constitution. It is NOT a legislative body, regardless of its past misuse by obsessive idealogues. This appointment will render the Legislature irrelevant.\nFurther, Im appalled at Mitch McConnells treatment of this executive fiat as a fait accompli.\nYour no less racist than the person youre calling racist. You lump all republicans into one category or better yet you put everyone that doesnt feel the same way you do into a category.\nYou are a fucking idiot\nRight  so appointing a person who believes Sharia Law is gods law should sit in a seat where decisions over CONSTITUTIONAL law are concerned?  Very Chamberlain of you.\nNigger negros Nigger /.Muslim filth  traitor ,Better ??  Screw your. Fake delicate feelings ..We should drag his Treasonous ass Out And ship him to Gitmo for his Trial then leave the carcass there .\nSigned Fed Up Americans ..\nHe cant be that Insane can he please tell me your spoofing US.\nObama needs to be impeached for trying to bypass Congress and the Senate when he knows they wont give him his way. Now is the time for the Congress and Senate to step up and do something about him. They wont though because they dont have the guts to do so.\nYou people dont have the balls to do it, you wimpy piece of human excrement.  The standoff in Oregon showed us just how sissy you right wingers really are.  Go jerk off a horse and leave the big people business to those of us who have an education.\nWhat specifically has he done in office that is treasonous?  Nothing. He hasnt committed any high crimes or war crimes like his predecessor did. Starting a war based on lies is criminal,  as is the torture from said wars. Grow a brain! Quit being an asshole racist,  its 2016, and none of that stupidity is tolerated, unless youre voting for Trump,  and that shows how low information and ignorant you are!  Flying ignorami or not, Your kind are losing an uphill battle and are on the wrong side of history!\nUm, excuse me?  Hes signed the least number of executive orders than any other two term president!  Hes not trying to bypass anything!  He has faced obstruction since day one, and the night of his inauguration,  GOP leaders met in secret to vow to obstruct and oppose him at every turn.  Stop watching faux news and grow a brain!\nThis treasonous despot should have swung from a high rope at noon a long time ago.  What is happening to Americans? . they must hate their country & are complete wimps.\nOLD JACK OFF FLACH GO SUCK A RAW EGG YOU TRAITOR ..WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO SHOW YOU HAVE ANY BALLS BITCH..SO SHOVE YOU HEAD WAY UP YOUR TRAITOROUS ASS AND EAT YOUR OWN SHIT..YOU ARE A SICKENING TROLL PUT HERE BY THE LEFT TO  RUN YOUR IDIOT MOUTH..BET YOU HAVE A LOVE THING FOR OBAMA SHIT HITLER..SO HOW YOU LIKE THAT TRAITOR..EDUCATION ..LOL..YOU ARE IGNORANT IF ANYTHING ..WHAT  A LAUGH YOU ARE IDIOT..SO GO JACK FLASH YOUR SELF AND MAYBE SEW UP THOSE POCKETS\nHe hasnt done anything treasonous? Are you blind, deaf, and stupid? Its a long list but Ill just stick with 1 because liberals have such a hard time with a single fact, let alone multiple. Bowe Bergdahl. A KNOWN deserter. Left his post to go looking for the Taliban. These are facts. Obama traded 5 of the worst Muslim piece of shits we had in custody for him. Cowards behind 9/11. You do remember that whole planes going into buildings thing?? At least 2 of them have returned to their jihadist ways and are heroes to the death to america cause. That is knowingly aiding an enemy. That is treason.\nSharon you mad the black man wouldnt fuck you. Well thats because you dog fuck ugly. Your man had to put a bag over your head just to kiss your ugly, scraggly ass.\nEver notice when the PORCH MONKEYS dont like what they hear , or get what they want YOUR RACIST ..The garbage that comes out of your CRACK hole is so Dumb , Theyre going to say and believe such BULLSHIT because they will always blame others for their actions \nQuit calling me a racist! screamed the guy calling people porch monkeys.\nTROY PEE PEENO CLASS NOT EDUCATEDSMALL INTELLECTLETS SEE YOU SAY SOMETHING THAT COULD BE MEANINGFUL TO YOUR FELLOW MANAT A LOSS FOR WORDS?  YEP, WE THOUGHT SONO BRAIN EITHER, I SEE.\nYou are a realist then. This has nothing to do with party affiliation, because you sound like an old school democrat, before the radicals hijacked the party. The crazies in the dem party put their ideology above country and our citizens. Shameful whenever any politician does that.\nTroyP, you poor poor man  only a little immature boy would spew the vitriol you did towards Sharon. Now the world knows you have a short mans complex and a little dick.  A REAL MAN doesnt have to speak that way.  A REAL MAN would show us the way to get things done in Washington. Sorry, little dick man, any ideas on how to grow a better one thats maybe useful?\nBibi, I agree with the race stuff you said, but the rest? Really, are you that stupid? Racism is real Sharon, and you are a racist! I am white, and see every problem POTUS has had is because of racists! So you both need to help better OUR country, or step away and STFU!\nWhat specifically has he done in office that is treasonous?  Nothing. He hasnt committed any high crimes or war crimes like his predecessor did. Starting a war based on lies is criminal,  as is the torture from said wars. Grow a brain! Quit being an asshole racist,  its 2016, and none of that stupidity is tolerated, unless youre voting for Trump,  and that shows how low information and ignorant you are!  Flying ignorami or not, Your kind are losing an uphill battle and are on the wrong side of history!\nRAYNMAKER, if you think the o-boy is so wonderful, please state why.  What good has he done for our country?  Im serious, I would like to have some kind of rational discourse here.  But for the life of me, I dont see anything good this man has done for his fellow citizens or our country as a whole. What concretely do you see that the rest of America doesnt?  If goodness was really there, goodness would be coming out and all would be singing his praises, and they are definitely not.  What are we missing, pray tell, that makes you say what you do?! Wrong side of history? If you are young, you have no idea what youre talking about, because you were not there. Ferguson doesnt even come close to the riots in Bham! Im very proud to have been one of the first white girls in my teaching class to have taken an assignment in a black school (Tuxedo Junction) in Alabama in the 60s.  I was raised by 2 black women, whom I have loved my entire life. They say O-boy-boy is a traitor, & a marxist/socialist (obamacare). When Ethel and Ceeney speak, I listen!\nbibi,\nThe best thing President Obama has done for this nation is the FEMA camps and guillotines.  Liberals have already won and you teatards have been so busy watching Fox News you missed it.  The major share holder of Fox News is a Saudi Muslim Prince named Alwaleed bin Talal.  Fox News only reports what President Obama and the Prince tell them to.  Im surprised you genius teabaggers havent figured it all out yet.\nThankfully you didnt preface that with Im not racist but..\nWeve known for 7 years now thats what your real problem has been. Fear that a superior human being might treat you one day the way whites have treated others throughout our history.\nYou served your party well with that comment.  And your God.\nWeak racist punk ass aids infested ass hating bastard. You the nigger!# Drop dead nigger!!!\nMelinda  although Da truth 2016 has spoken coarsely he does one thing that I find that hits the mark.  The racist is the man in office and you  referring to any man as a superior being is so unbelievable  you are a NAZI  no one has come close to making this man into anything other than what he is  A cheap empty suit hell bent on killing people like you and you are far too stupid to even realize who the enemy actually is and who he has as prey.  Saturday Nite Live so aptly stated  Melinda you ignorant slut!\nDa truth2016, your words undermine anything good that could come from any of this discourse.  Wake up! For once try to do something meaningful. Your de-classe ways does no one any good, especially yourself.  If you speak like you write, youll be dead of a heart attack or a stroke at an earlier age than most, and if youre a guy, itll be sooner-just quoting statistics.Your body remembers well everything you do and say, negative and positive.  Youre one of best examples showing that good reasonable people DO NOT FREQUENT THIS SITE. You may feel better when you act like a troglodyte hidden behind your computer, but a REAL MAN would at least proffer how to make sure this never happens again. SHOW some  SUBSTANCE by going out, be decent and work hard to get someone else other than the Benghazi muderous babe elected.  Do you have the cajones to do so, or ask yourself,  Am I just an armchair spewing vitriol idiot w/ no real substance. Are you grown up yet?\nI agree and I am white.\nI like black people, when theyre locked up in prison LOL!!!\nIt is not racist to call a nigger a nigger. Skin color is not an issue  it the action that makes one a nigger, nigger.\nA nigger can be black or white..has nothing to do with color..is the way you act..obama shit hitler is a satan spawn racist muslim terrorist and has put other idiots like him in office..democrats are the racists and what they call republicans is really them talking about themselves ..as you people on here do that follows a terrorist traitor and you are traitors to your Country and you make me sick ..i hope a revolution does break out and all the traitors and idiots in government are jailed and hung ..this getting to be sickening..the so called politically correct is just a ninny ninny boo  boo crap that children play..so many mental idiots in this country ..and our government is full of them ..i always wondered where they all went when they let the mental patients out ..now i know..but this idiot satan spawn muslim will be stopped from being a judge ..that i am sure of..anyone that dont like what i say i could give a flying shit..just means you are one of these that i have talking about ..so talk away and what you say means as much a s piss hole in the snow ..this is my Country and my Constitution and it will never be taken away just like the guns in America..we will never give them up PERIOD.\nAmen NelsonIm behind you 100%\nYou personally know that he can/will honor the Constitution of US & not be influenced by Islam or Sharia?  As a woman I/you should be REALLY be concerned about it!!\nNiger, nigra, nigrum- Latin for the masculine, feminine and neutral word for black. Since Latin is a dead language, we dont know how to pronounce it, so it could be pronounced just as the  N-word  is.  After what this scumcrunch has done to this country , dont be surprised if ALL political correctness goes straight out the window !\nYou are insane this racist is running our country into the ground and you are worried about someone being racist toward him ! Your priorities should be with the survival of our country !\nThere are Black People and there are Niggers, and Obama is a Muslim Nigger, he is bringing Muslims here to start a WAR here in the U.S.\nHussein is an A-rab He deceived African Americans and should be EXECUTED He had done Everything in his power to make America a Third World country. Hang him High !\nI am so ashamed for you that you would write this.  You are what is wrong with America and the world when you write things like this.\nYou still have your guns. You can still practice your religion of choicealthough I hope youre not  calling yourself a Christian because Jesus is not on your side.  Muslims havent taken over anything.  Our economy is as good as it can be after the mess Bush left us in and the Republican congress thats fought our President at every turn.\nSuch a terrible thing you have written here.  I pray for a day when people like you are too ashamed to say or write these horrible things out in the open.  I pray for a day when shame washes over you and you understand how hateful and wrong you have been.  Please make that day come sooner rather than later.\nI totally agree with you Laura Flynn but people who post such things are just showing their ignorance and feara dangerous combination!\nYour 1st Amend right allows you not to be politically correct..in your choice of words and views! We each have our OWN! allow MINE and Ill ALLOW YOURS!\nSpeech is protected..even if you dont like it! Defend the Constitution as written. It limits a tyrannical govy\nWe are defending the Constitution, asshole, against you far right thugs who are trying to destroy it.  President Obama has a Constitutional mandate to fill the empty seat on the Supreme Court.  Republicans are the ones thumbing their noses at the Constitution.\nAccording to the United States Constitution, President Obama is suppose to NOMINATE Not Appoint someone for Supreme Court.  Second, President Obama, is suppose to then give the name of the nominee to Congress, and then Congress votes on the nominee.  Many people, as myself, are angry, that he violated the constitution and did not give the nominee name to the congress.  He took his pen, as he so many times did in the past, signed laws into place, but he BROKE CONSTITUTIONAL LAWS this time, by not allowing the congress to vote on the nomination.  I suggest a thorough course in the United States Constitution.\nNancy Guenthner,\nDo you have brain damage, or are you just plain stupid.  This story isnt even true.  You dumb-ass teabaggers will believe anything you read.  Thats why America is going downhill.  The Republicans in the Senate are the ones refusing to follow this Constitutional mandate, not President Obama.  You Teabaggers get funnier every day.  You insult and rail against Muslims, yet you listen to everything Fox news says, and one of its majority stock holders is a Saudi Muslim Prince who donated the money for the Ground Zero Mosque.  You teabaggers obviously have no idea just how stupid you look to normal people.  The Donald and the Republican party have your numbers, though, and they are taking you for a ride while the rest of us are laughing at you.\nYour ignorance of the US Constitution is stupifying !\nWOW YOU ARE SICK IN THE HEAD..GO SOMEPLACE AND SEW UP YOUR POCKETS\nThe truth is this When all is said and done, those who suport Oboma, will come to find that if he gets his way NONE OF US will be free anymore How well all your words are when you feel safe and think that sideing with the enemy will keep you from what he wants. I tell you this: IF NOT FOR THOSE OF US THAT ARE WILLING TO STAND UP FOR EVERY FREEDOM that Oboma has systimaticly been trying to take from us Then The Rest of you and your OPINIONS would not matter FOR YOUR VERY FREEDOM TO SAY WHAT YOU THINK, AND ALL YOUR OTHER FREEDOMS YOU ARE SO WILLING TO GIVE UP FOR THE GOVERNMENT TO TAKE CARE OF YOU WILL GO AWAY. then you will have wished you hadent been so blind to the truth Now GO READ OUR CONSTITUTION and learn something. GIVE ME LIBERTY OR GIVE ME DEATH!!!\nDefend the Constitution as written. Oh the irony.   Its Trump and Cruz running their campaigns on the promise of NOT defending our Constitution as written.\nIn the Constitution as it is written  it CLEARLY states he can make this appointment.\nOne, STUPID LYING libera, trying to speak!\nI am embarrassed to be white when I see the opinions posted here from some white people. You continue to vote against your own best interests, and refuse to recognize how much better off you are than you were under the Republicans. The President has done a remarkable job considering the Republicans in Congress have said they would fight everything he did from the moment he was elected (and before he was inaugurated).  He was elected twice by the American people and now Congress needs to let him do the job he was hired to do. Those who use slurs need to understand history has bypassed you, and we are moving on to a brighter, inclusive future.\nPatsy, you would be embarrassed to White under any circumstances ya damn loony liberal..Go hang yourself because of white guilt and the world would be a better place.\nI didnt give 20 yrs of my life In defense of this country  to hear an idiot respond to another living person the way you did. Seem your pretty big sitting behind a key board buy I know different you are nothing to nobody you are a worthless peace of dog shit you take your frustrations out of innocent people because you cant cope with your own dont you ever threaten anyone or tell\nsome one yo hang or kill themselves again. Speaking of better places this discussion would be a hell of a lot better without your contributions.  Troll Bate\nGod bless you Patsy. These people are evil!\nI agree with you Patsy and tim schneickert.  Also considering how Mr. Patriotic Obama Hater seems to believe that white people are somehow better than others.. eh, I dont think Ill be swayed by insults any time soon\nI pray we just get over ourselves and grow up and realize that religion and skin color matter not when we all work together. I would shame those who used the n word and who are attacking this choice because of skin color and religion, but shaming isnt enough. Intervention is called for.\nthank you lbj  please keep writing and pointing this out.  Perhaps someone will retrieve their reasonable brain somewhere in the ether worldwe all MUST stop this vitriol and work for the greater good. People want to vent, but this is plain ole, Im better than you idiocy.  These people talk like troglodytes, have no real solutions and grovel in the mud w/ their verbage.  Wish it werent so.  Would love to hear some real honest solutions by normal honest people.  The best I can say, is GET UP OFF YOU DUFF AND GET OUT THE VOTE! WORK HARD AT IT UNTIL NEXT NOV!\nThanks for proving that racism is alive and well in the USA. Time for you to go wash that sheet with the two holes in it.\nAs a member of the KKK, do you send your sheets to the cleaners? Are the hoods Taylor made to fit your head?\nQuestion. As a mber of the KKK do you send your sheets to the cleaners or does your mommy wash and iron them for you? Also, are the hoods tayor made to fit your head?\nImpeach him for what?  Hes committed no crime.\nsomeone needs to get laid.  to much aggression.\nwhats wrong with Muslims fool?\nwhats wrong with Muslims fool?\n  I have not posted before\nDonald Snyder, Any appointment by President Obama is better than any appointment by the white trash Republicans running for president.  You make me ashamed of my white heritage.\nSOMEBODY RID THE WORLD OF THIS PARASITE MFKR  HE A DAILY DOSE OF ANTI AMERICAN B\\S\nYou ignorant pieces of shit dont know how to read, do you?\nIm happy because we are American first and Muslim/Christian second. This isnt a Christian nation and it never has been. I am glad that my fellow Americans are represented within our government. This country is made up of a large percentage of Muslims. This is not a Theocracy and it never will be. Not now not ever. Only fools want a Theocracy to lord it over others whom are not of their protestant or Catholic cult. Its all about power and control! This is the USA. Home to all peoples. We must all be free to live according to our beliefs. I am not Muslim and I dont agree with them at all but they are my fellow human beings, Isnt this just great the way that the Republicans are being demolished. Ah ha F Boys! You lose and you lose big! Trump has exposed you for what you are a bunch of Pussys.\nThose of us who cla to be Christian should understand it will not be the Church or denomination that will be judged on judgement day but the individual\nYou should read about the people who wrote the constitution. I know you will find that they were white. 54 were involved in their church. Can you guess what church? Hint, not any mosques at that time. Why is In GOD WE TRUST on our currency? Was it a prank? Go research it. Try the smithsonian not wickpedia. Why did we have to take the Ten Commandments off of government property? Another prank? Why did courts have people swear on the bible? Why did your precious Obama swear in with Lincolns bible? Disrespect? Finally why did we have to remove Christianity from schools? Because it just started or had it been there a long time.\nDon your momma liked that nigger dick bitch\n. Do not be jealous that your still pissing on your balls Tiny.\nMuslims are allowed to practice their religion in America and no religious test must be met to hold government office.  Why are so many of yall ANTI-Constitutional?\nNot that there is anything wrong with being Muslim but if President Obama is one, hes the Worst. Muslim. Ever.   He eats pork, drinks beer, smokes, is pro-women, pro-choice and pro-marriage equality.\nThings the wingnuts on the fRight never stop to consider.  Not that most wingnuts are known to be  the sharpest tools in the shed\nAs a leftist, this is one issue that the right has right. The regressive left are nothing but lemmings, as they auger in the  end of the free world and the Islamic goal of complete world hegemony.\nYou are not worth the steam of that n*ggers sh*t, you knuckle-dragging piece of crap.\nThis executive order will not stand.  The Senate will not consider this travesty of the Constitution.\nWOW, thank you for showing even more of the rights true colors. I dont agree in just appointing anyone either but you sir  are a racist pig\nYou Donald are the problem with this country!!!!!! All of you haters are also Racist  because you cannot stand it that a Black Man has done such an amazing job last 7 years! I hear you all bitch and moan, what proof of all the wrong doing do you have? Thougfht so!!!\nObama has done everything he can to destroy this country!!!!\nHerr Snyder..YOU fucking Moron.get educated you Worthless\nAmerican and Draft Dodger. Trash like U gives OUR once great Country a REAL BAD NAMEU pcs of Sewage is what makes the Repoooobs GREAT and the World laugh. Hope a Muslim will SHIT on U.U ASSHOLE and Liability to America.\nI know life is challenge,  but put some effort into it.\nRacist bigots like you are the very reason we need diversity on the Supreme Court.\nNow we know who had Justice Scalia killed. I said right after Justice Scalias death if obama tried to appoint someone to take his place in a short period he would be complicit in the murder of Justice Scalia.\nWhat this shows is that obama had Justice Scalia assissanated.\nBwahahaha, eat your heart out, xenophobic Nazi bigots. LOL LOL LOL LOL\nLmao. I bet youre voting for trump\na Liberal4life? so does that mean you want me to work really hard and pay for your bills so you dont have to?  thats what I believe Liberals want.  Tell me what a Liberal4 Life really wants. Enlighten me so I dont think people who say that about themselves are rubbish. Im very serious, Im not mocking you. I am seriously trying to find out how it is that anyone can think that policies proffered by this prez are good for our country as a whole and individually as thriving citizens. NO ONE has done better under the O-boy-boy.  I have lost more than half what I saved for 30 years because of the state of affairs brought by this prez.  Now, guess what? Youll have to take care of me in a few years, cause the gov has taken my fair share already. Not to worry, though Mr Liberal, Ill off myself before that happens.  Have you been in a public nursing facility lately?  Go to one.  Stay awhile. Talk to these people.  Ask them how much theyre enjoying themselves with the care the gov is giving them? Bet you dont have the guts.  But, if you do, I bet you wont come out spewing liberal propaganda that says much, but only gives citizens pittances, while the elite like the o-boy-boy live the rest of their days in splender.  Gee, the o-0-boy went into office with a net worth less than a Mill.  hes net worth is now well over 3 mill.  How does that happen?  I guess hes learned how to save really well.  Yea, right.\nI totally agree. This is another Violation of the Constitution. Yes This POS Obama can make an Appointment, then send to the Senate for Consent..which means Approve..\nThese Morons below who think this OK, Need to Read the Constitution, before showing their BS Ignorance, thinking they know so much:-)\nI agree with you, however, my friend, please do not call him the  N word  as social media laws may cite you, and you may regret it.  I am mad as hell, too.  But, my Dad just brought up an interesting thought, Hussain has not accepted the nomination yet.  If he does, then I hope the Congress begins the impeachment process.  However, it is an election year, and Republicans that are up for re-election may fear they may be not be re-elected if their constituents agree with Obama and then they may not be re-elected.  It is time that ALL Republicans and ALL Democrats stand by the constitution and not allow Obama to abuse his oath of office nor break the law and use his pen and break Constitutional Laws.  I am just as angry as you are.\nLadies and gentlemen, I give you the Conservative Right.\nAmen!\nIf you think that President Obama is a Muslim , then youve probably not heard of Reverend Wright . Barack was raised by the same type of people who raised me , white misplaced Okies ( actually they were from Kansas , but thats not much different ). We share some of the same values although hes a youngster .\nAnyone who rather that Obama chose another to the Supreme Court has the right to disagree. But to see so many racists commentary is disappointing. But I am not surprised when you think about it. However, the #REAL majority of US citizens comprising of all faiths, races, sexual preferences, and religions, will stand by his choice. Just like in our society, we need diversity in the supreme court as well.\nRashad Hussains knowledge and credentials are impeccable: He has attended University Of North Carolina, Chapel Hill , Harvard University, and Yale University. Now that is impressive. This was a very brave and intriguing choice made by Barack Obama. This appointment will certainly expose every racist posing as conscientious representatives of all US citizens that is in the congress.\nHe did the only thing possible and my hat goes off to Prez Obama.  We dont need anymore activist judges  Im so glad we have another minority.  Wished it would have been a woman but that can happen next time.  We need fresh eyes and someone who isnt afraid to go against the conservative backwards thinking.\nYou are falling for divide and conquer. Control your emotions. Yes hes liar and gay but Jews control him. They are cornered animals and this is an act of desperation. Why give in and let them win with your negative energy. Fight inside and the fight outside becomes easy. Its a trick. Ignore it. They all do what the Jews tell them to do or else they lose money or get killed.\nSHARIA LAW AND CONSTITUTIONAL LAW CAN NOT CO-EXIST.\nUnder Sharia law:\n* There is no freedom of religion\n* There is no freedom of speech\n* There is no freedom of the press\n* There is no equality of people (a non-muslim is never equal to a muslim\n* There are no equal rights for women\n* Women can be beaten\n* Non-muslims can not bear arms\n* There is no democracy and all governments must ruled by Sharia\n* There is no equal protection for different classes of people..Justice is dualistic one set of laws for muslims males and a different set of laws for muslim females and non muslims.\nIt is the responsibility of all Americans to learn about Sharia law and political islam Religious Islam and Political Islam do not exist separately. Where one takes root, the other follows.. Turning a blind eye in the name of religious tolerance is part of the plan.\nTHEIR PLAN NOT MINE\nEDUCATION IS THE FIRST STEP TO STOPPING THE ISLAMIZATION OF THE WEST.  (C) JAN MORGAN \nThe more you know Muslims in America around you, the lesser you Will be hateful heart. We are good people.\nGood People? Since when are wholesale murderers  muslim, marxist or otherwise  deemed good as in  nice, preferable, moral  as opposed to good as in competent  in what they do which in this case is wholesale murder?\nTry me when Allah has put it upon your heart  my ammunition is kept in in PORK lard and I have a lot of it! I also have a SHOOTING police record that looks like two large-city phone books\nHey Donald its ok to be a racist because I am one. I hate all white trash like you. You guys are the most uneducated pieces of cr*p on the planet. Obama is already the best president in the history of the US. Get back in your trailer like the trash you are and drink a cold one jack.\nDo tell me why we have a Sharia Law Czar?\nI total agree, bro\nHe is a dictator.  That is a factGet out Obama..you are the worst president ever..\nI m totally against this appointment as I have been against almost everything this Muslim has done but please knock off the vulgarities and the racial slurs.\nYour comment is gross!\nBozo can nominate all he wants to but only the Senate can approve it unless they are in recess and they are not in recess and only then are they in there for a short period of time.\nIt is well past time for impeachment.\nDonald Snyder\nWhat a horrific thing to say about ANYONE.  You must be quite the racist.  Grow up and take into account that this is 2016 not 1876.  What (or who else) do you hate?\nPut on your White pointy hat Donald, YOU RASIST!\nYou are a very stupid and disgusting bigot, so fuck off dumbass.\nYourself and people like yourself should be shot, there is no place for such hateful comments!  Wake up and and get out of the 1800s!\nKarma is a B isnt it Donald Snyder!!! Are you ORANGE in color like the other Donald??? If you are I want  to let you know that all men (and women) named Donald and happen to have an Orange skin tone are being deported to SIBERIA!!!!\nIf youre going to be a scumbag about it and run the race card GET THE FUCK OUT OF AMERICA. We dont need your kind anymore and youre the reason the republicans dont want to do anything. You feed them with your arrogance and lack of understanding. They use that to stunt the U.S growth and economic stability. You think Repugs would let us as the people vote for a new supreme court member? REALLY? A bunch of hypocrites who pass laws to LIMIT voting individuals, LIMIT how much we make in the middle class so they dont need to pay as much, RESTRICT our rights and then cry about the Democratic party when they try to lighten that damage (even the gun laws werent nearly as bad as these bigot fucktards said it was going to be, Still own mine and not once had an issue. Just takes a little longer to get the paperwork filled out. Doubt thatll change unless Trump gets put in office, god forbid. Theyre not doing this because theyre supporting the people theyre doing it because this individual will look into their history and hit them with charges if (and when) theyre pulled up. And theyll have no way of defending against it. Muslim or not to be a part of the whitehouse, OIC, SCC, NCC, AND the whitehouse as a council member, I dont care what race you are youre more than qualified for a judge position. :/\nWow how lovely. Thank you or not holding back. Obama did a great job appointing this man. Thank god you are old and there are not many left that think and talk like you.\nHe was originally employed by George W Bush. lol  Take it he was a muslim too?\nDon, if this president can appoint a martian, he would do that too.  Just for diversity sake.\nI agree impeach this constitutional violator now stop. Wasting time he has no legal right to appoint anyone to us supreme Court he does not run congress he can not over throw congress but they damn sure better impeach him\n I have no idea WHERE this reply will post  this site is as jackass as some of the posters \nMY POINT: First, GET OFF THE IMPEACHMENT KICK! Didnt you learn anything from the FORD BAILS NIXONS ASS fiasco? Kommrade Biden has already signatured the FULL PARDON for Kommrade Obastard and it awaits only a date stamp!\nSome people really DO lay awake nights thinking up more ways to be STUPID the next day!\nWELL BERNIE AND I ARE TAKING OVER THE COUNTRY AND I SAID OBAMA HAS ABSOLUTE CONTROL PERIOD! GOT IT BITCH?\nOMG, he did exactly what everyone thought he was going to do. Its now Obvious, what you are doing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nObama isnt Muslim and we dont elect/appoint people to our government depending on their religion. FFS.\nDonald Snyder that Muslim traitor bastard of a president does any damn thing he wants without Congress or the American peoples approvalso my friend, you have the right, via the Constitution of the United States of America to say any damn thing you want whether your fellow poster, Chris Winfield likes it or not! That Communist bastard Chris Winfield (just a couple of posts below yours) is surely one of the idiotic morons who voted for Americas first king, Obama the Big Eared Traitor, twice Im certain. Then, you have Ciro on top of him whining about you making racist comments, really Ciro? And just what do you think the thugs and gangstas of Black Lives Matter are saying about you and the rest of the European race in this country. It is exactly people like Ciro and Chris Winfield who would sit right here and do NOTHING while the Muslims, ISIS and the people of the Black Lives Matter movement take this country from the people who built this great nation. Im sick to damn death of people like Chris Winfield wholl sit back and write sly comments about Islam when theyve made it clear that their intent is to take over every country that they can and when they do Chris Winfield, I wonder if youll be bitchin about the race card while theyre fileting your head away from the rest of your body? Its people like you and your Islamaphobia comments that make you a stick your head in the mud idiot! And just for you Winfieldhere is an article written by a Muslim woman who left Iran just for those very reasons. Would do all of you good to hear what she has to say\nIRANIAN WOMAN REFUGEE WARNS OF INSIDIOUS THREAT THAT WILL TOPPLE THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION!\n(A MUST READ FOR EVERY AMERICAN CITIZEN)\nAynaz Anni Cyrus is a 31-year-old Iranian-born woman who rejected Islam and fled Iran to America legally in her teens. She came to the United States after years of persecution, torture, and imprisonment. She now lives as an American citizen. Anni wants everyone to know the truth behind the threat of Islam that is not being told. She says the Muslim leaders objective is to mainstream Islam and convert the United States to a Muslim country  period. There are people in power at the federal level who also want that. Annis information has been ignored by the mainstream media. Her insights are compelling, Anni Cyrus states the following:\n There is no such thing as a moderate Muslim. All Muslims are bound by the Quran to be called to Jihad and will kill when ordered to accomplish a Muslim conversion.\n ISIS is alive and well in the United States\n ISIS is not the only threat. The infiltration of Syrian refugees who are not fully vetted will expose the United States to random and recurrent acts of terrorism on our own soil. All Muslim followers should be subject to scrutiny.\n PRESIDENT BARRACK OBAMA IS A SHIITE MUSLIM AND QUOTES MESSAGES FROM THE QURAN.\n The ultimate goal of real Muslims is to convert everyone to Islam. The United States as we know it will no longer exist. Freedom of religion would become a state-ordered religion of Islam.\n Muslims hold positions of power at the federal level and are silently influencing a gradual Muslim transition that will persecute non-Muslims, women, homosexuals, and anyone who is an infidel.\n This insidious, hidden threat cannot be handled with tolerance and passive disinterest. It will destroy American freedoms at their core. Change must be now.\n Aynaz Anni Cyrus Background:\n Lashed a total of 109 times on different occasions.\n Imprisoned 12 times from age 9 to 14.\n Raped.\n Denied high school even though she rated exceptional on national intelligence tests and scholastic exams.\n Was not raised by her mother until the age of three because her mother was imprisoned While in prison her mother was tortured.\n Witnessed an adult inmates suicide attempt at the age of 11 while she was jailed at an adults prison\n Forced to marry an abusive man at a very young age who tortured, raped, and beat her. A judge refused to grant her a divorce.\n Anni witnessed her best friend being savagely sodomized by guards after she and Anni had been jailed for singing in public.\n Anni wants everyone to know the truth about modern day Islam. She has a compelling message of what will happen in the United States if the Muslim threat is not curtailed.\nMr. Snyder Id like meet up and discuss your post further. Shoot me an email and let me know what you think.\nWow. Theres no doubt about your stance in the race war. Let me guess  you heard somewhere that refraining from publicly using words like nigger  was for the politically correct. Im correct, right? Of course I am. Did that feel good, publicly showing the ugliness of your character? Did it make your family proud? Your boss? Your children?\nI dont have to guess where you got the idea that blatant racism was acceptable again. That I already know.\nAre Americans so racist?\nTypical Obummer, taking the decision out of the peoples hands\nIt is the President s job to fill this important job with a qualified,  intelligent Supreme Court Judge\nOh Nancy, the PEOPLE did speak when they elected President Obama. It is hugely disingenuous to think the people would only be speaking if the appointment is delayed until the after the presidential election. Its so transparent that the GOP thinks they are a lock-in for the next President and such an appointment would further their disastrous cause that is trying to wreck this country much like the fall of Rome.\nGet over it.\nRome was destroyed by unchecked illegal immigration  that was a major component of it. If you think that Republicans support illegal immigration, thats a meaningless statement. Conservatives do not, and thats the important thing.\nTypical ignorant republican  Its NOT the *peoples*  decision you idiot! LIt is the PRESIDENTS decision!!!  And whether you like it or not, Barack Obama IS our president.  Deal with it already.!\nIts always been the decision of the current president.  Learn how your country works.\nIts always been the decision of the current president. Learn how your country works. The way this country works is that a qualified candidate is NOMINATED for the post, not declared in a dictatorial fashion. People have a say through their elected representatives, so youre wrong about that, as well.\nTypical Republitard, too ignorant to understand  our Constitution.\nIts not out of the peoples hands.  The people have never appointed or voted for an SC justice.  Also, we the people elected Obama, not once but twice!\nScalia will not be missed\nthats not the point here.\nI hope the house of Republicans fights this and fights this hard! Obama is a tyrant Muslim and must be stopped!\nTHIS IS SO MESSED UP!!! IMPEACH NOW!!!!\nHow can Democrates not see, or dont they care, that o-boy is working to manipulate an internal coup?! These Muslim elites associated w/ the Muslim brotherhood, et al, are the prezs inner circle of advisors on NATIONAL SECURITY and LAW! Now thats brilliant cultural infiltrationan avowed publicly stated agenda of ISIS. How better to infiltrate than by learning the law of the land, then manipulating it to their own end? ISIS has said it wants the World in the command of its Caliphate. Theyve got a damn good start w/ the O-boy! LISTEN! These Muslims say what they mean. And they mean what they say. All of what they say can be verified via the internet. There are 1.2 billion Muslims in the world following the Koran that says slay the infidel. Thats you and me brother! Many Muslims are asking for Sharia law to be out into effect HERE in the US! This is the home of the free and the brave.  If our law makers in Congress are not brave, show no backbone, allow this to be enforced, WE NO LONGER WILL BE A FREE COUNTRY! The women of Germany have now been told they must cover up, not go out at night, always be accompanied by males and to be sure, NEVER make eye contact with these packs of Muslim men who are marauding, sexually attacking women and young boys in public, especially during crowded cultural festivals. Citizens and tourists are staying away from these public and cultural events. This is bad for commerce. This is bad for culture. This is bad for communities. This is bad for countries.  This is bad for everyone, everywhere. It was immoral to have put these migrants in this situation. There was no common sense intelligent decision making in taking these people out of their culture and expect any difference in behaviors. Why were other Muslim countries not giving aid to their own brethren? its immoral what Angela Merkel did to the young women of her country.\nParanoid much???  You need to stop listening to all the right wing fear mongering bullshit!\nShut up and calm down, Dale Gribble! Whatever planet or alternate universe you are from is wrong, and the drivel youve spewed forth is not in force here. None of what you said is true. Prove that it is true without using Breitbart,  Faux News, the Blaze,  or Rush to prove it!  No RWNJ News sources like infowars either!\nI totally agree with you Bibi. The people on here obviously are uneducated and have never travelled to a country with sharia law. If they did, they would be able to see what is happening around the western world. It is not racist to be concerned about immigration when you can see what is happening in Europe!\nHahaha! Our Muslim President What an absolute load of crap!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hkny3B97-fY\nWow! What a bunch of whiny, pathetic bigots! You are fucking hilarious!\nTHis is so messed up!!!\nYou people here have exposed your racist bigotry and hatred\nPresident Obama has been a better president than any of you deserve.\nIf you really think Fat Cat Trump gives a rats a$$ about anyone other than himself, you are in for an unpleasant surprise.\nI agree there is enough bigotry in these comments to last more than a life time.  But, please tell me where you went to school to learn your powers of common sense. And pray tell, how youve come up w/ such erroneous information, when its so obvious that Obama boy is the WORST PREZ EVER., economically, socially, judicially  hes working at manipulate the American Constitution by blurring the lines between the executive and judicial branches. Hes caused more divisiveness in race relations.  He aint no MLK, TO BE SURE.  Hes acts arrogantly and entitled\nAGAINST the law of the land. He has appointed Muslims to the highest security position possible, Homeland Security who are tied to the Muslim Brotherhood who surreptitiously support ISIS, takes donations from Iran, Saudi Arabiawhy did he give Iran billions of dollars back w/out asking for renumeration for crimes committed against US citizens? Because hes a Muslim fascist, who has no respect for the values our govt was founded on.  Hes NOT in heart and spirit DESERVING OF RESPECT, because HE SHOWS NO RESPECT in heart and spirit to AMERICAN values & ITS PEOPLE. Since you cannot see this that is in plain site  and actions do speak louder than words  then dear little missy, you need to go somewhere else.  Oh, there is no other place like this that gives EVERYONE the FREEDOM to BE WHO THEY ARE.  The O-boy is trying to take that away with his anti-American rhetoric. He is weak in the eyes of the World, AS HE IS A PAWN TO ISIS. The Islamic world laughs now at the US, because they know that O-boy is THEIR BOY in getting their agenda of a World Caliphate. YES, INDEED, OUR PREZ IS AIDING AND ABETTING ISIS. Hey, Cath, do YOU support Israel, the only Democratic nation in the Middle East? If you dont, that is very telling of your biases.  I dont care what you are or what you believe, but you do understand, that thats the infinite beauty of where you live. JUST LOOK AT YOURSELF HONESTLY all the while you support this TRAITOR OF AMERICAN VALUES! Where do YOUR BIGOTRIES lay.  I think we already know\nBibi, youre asking him what school he went to and trying to hide ignorance by using a word like erroneous.\nSo along the same lines, would you mind including some unbiased fact-based research to claim that he is numerically (that means number-based) the worst president in terms of economically, socially, judicially factors?\nSchool teaches you to cite sources.\nSo, we all deserve Benghazi, Fast and Furious, and Obamacare? Wow. Thats your idea of great? You are completely ignorant of history.\nMr. President, you cant see me, but Im giving you a standing  ovation! BRAVO SIR, BRAVO!!!\nyou poor thingwhere did you learn your deductive and inductive reasoning skillsoh, you forgot to pay attention that day in Civics classplease Linann, explain to all us other citizens our 3 branches of govt and how theyre intended to function?  Well give it to you as an open book test,so maybe you could pass the test this timemost who have voted for this IRRESPONSIBLE PREZ most often didnt even graduate from high schooland you mostly want whats freebut in the end it isnt and everything just got more expensive with all these liberals hands in the POT!  Theyll get rich, but you wont, cause theyre saving it all for themselves!\nMy goodness. None of you are very bright, are you? Some of you are just downright ignorant.\nIm curious. As a member of the KKK do you send your sheets to the cleaners or do you have your mother wash and iron them? And are the hoods tayler made to fit your head?\nyou people are fucking hilarious.  i used to get upset by this shit, but now i pity you dumbasses.\nThe only people that should be ashamed are the ones here that claim to be decent Americans, yet feel that racism and hate are appropriate responses because you people just dont have the mental faculties to do real research (and I dont mean your Racist God, Faux News) about a people and why that racism MIGHT exist in the first place. Youre no better than the gunman who shoot indiscriminately at anyone who isnt just white enough for your taste. I would hate you people, but I feel more sorry for you. You just dont get it, and you never will.\nSorry Not Sorry . theres nothing wrong with you that a brand new set of BRAINS wouldnt cure .\nI agree, SNS, the discourse in this blog is embarrassing as Trumps language is on the stump. Obama has been on the right side of the law on each and every executive order he signed. If not, then why havent these hair-brained GOP bigots succeeded in overturning his orders? They have powerful lawyers, in fact Cruz, the most disliked Republican, is a highly credentialed constitutional law attorney. With all of Cruzs vitriol, you would have thought he could have found any illegal element in Obamas orders and challenged him, but he didnt. Either these Congressmen were all too dumb or each and every one of the orders were completely legal and well thought out. We elected him President and you all had your day in the voting booth, losing two, not one election. Put aside your differences and watch history and the accolades that will be bestowed upon Obama in the coming years. Or wait for Hilary and direct your bigotry toward a woman as President, or maybe a socialist.\nLots of bigots here. Bet you all were for the incompetent dubya.\nDubya as you call him loved this country and strove to protect and strengthen it while your Obama has done nothing but weaken our country.  People like you contribute to the downfall of the USA.\nGoddamn Obummer!!!!!!!!!\nWorst decision of hundreds of bad anti American\ndecisions made for his legacy as the worst\nleader of any country in three thousand years!\nGood news is that Trump will undo\nall of his eight years of disaster in less than a year\nin office.  God Bless America & Christains.\nYou bunch of bigoted imbeciles\nShould this idiocy succeed, will we be required to replace Your Honor with Your MARXhu Akbar?\nTHROW ALL THE BASTARDS OUT!  Starting with BOTH Houses of Congress, all the Administration AND Supreme SOCIALIST Court! Then dont forget the State and local Bastards That Be \nFeel the Bern!!!\nRepublican, the party of bigots and stupid white trash.  The replies above prove that Republicans are not fit to serve this nation in any elected position.  One only needs to look to the first decade of this century to see what a Republican Congress and President will bring to America:  WAR, Economic depression, unemployment, home foreclosures, bigotry, hatred, racism, poverty, starvation, decline in our educational systems, and death and destruction across our nation in the form of mass murders, cop murders and terrorism.  Under the Republican party America has declined to below third world status and The Tea Party is an insult to decent Christians across America.\n,,,ironic, thats just what I studied in history class, but it was the other way round the USofA has always become more economically stable after Republicans have been in office, then Dimocrates take over and we spend more on social programs, along with giving it away to the rest of the world and that make us unstablego back to school, study something instead of pop culture and you might actually learn somethingfunny, too, it was from a liberal professor that I was taking the coarsefrom which century do you think he chose his intellectual properties to offer his students?\nYou people are IDIOTS if you still like Obama!!!\nYou morons posting all this BS are aware that YOU elected Obama twice. Nuff said!!\nI am white and a fallen away Catholic and I think this is great news!\nBibi\nIt is extremely clear that you are indeed a member of the KKK and probably one of those really scary white guys who cant tolerate a world with people darker skin than you.  I dont think I have ever seen such obnoxious vile comments tinged with pieces of truth as a means of manipulation.\nI love Obama!!!!!\nI voted for Obama and I believe in him!\nOh you poor, poor dear. Do you really know and understand the Constitution?  If you did, youn would put your vales to better use.  If you believe in him, then you must be a racist Marxist Muslim just like his cronies, Rev Wright and Al not-so Sharpton and Irans dictator.  And, if you believe in him, youre probably on welfare?  So, if the o-boy-boy is so great, why didnt he stand up for our Americans in this last negotiations with these human rights violators,Iran, that Americans be remunerated for the war crimes committed against them, as the Iranians insisted we give them billions for such. Do you even know what went down? this says what kind of American you ARENT.  You ought to go live in the Middle East and see what is and what its like for women.  /Then youd know who youre adoring really is.  It aint what we see on the boob tube.  His real self is how hes trying to usurp power while in the White House, blurring the lines of executive and judicial actions. Standing behind the o-boy-boy will get your genitals mutilated, youll be relagated to your house unless a male agrees to take you out, a sock stuffed in your mouth when you speak, or beaten in the streets if your husband decides on a whim, thats what you deserve.  Follow this Muslim/Marxist all the way to mecca.  Im sure youll be justly love bombed and be well taken care of after they use you for their sexual degradation and cleaning their toilets. Im happy to help buy your one way ticket.\nWere not nearly as stupid as you people who voted for Bush and got us into a war that crashed our economy and killed 5,000 American soldiers and maimed 30,000.  You cannot even write in English beyond the 3rd grade level.  Dumb-ass, the first word in ANY sentence is ALWAYS capitalized.  Is your primary language Arabic, Swahili, or uneducated white trash?\nUhm, the war didnt crash the economy. Try again.\nThe death toll was around 2000, not 5000, which for its length and objective, is amazingly low. Please look at history and check it out for yourself. However, if you think that NO war is worth fighting, then the numbers dont matter  theyre just scary props for you to throw around.\nObama brought us repeated attempts to move terrorists into domestic jails (Gitmo closing). Obama brought us a tax on existence and forced people to pay for abortion (Obamacare). Obama brought us executive orders which imported Syrian refugees and illegals all over the country. Obama brought us a DOJ that screwed over nonprofit organizations through demanding what they prayed about, for one. Obama brought us BATFE-sanctioned running guns to Mexican drug lords (Fast and Furious), in an attempt to make Americans helpless before criminals. Obama has inflamed racial relations for no real reason. Obama has brought us state-enforced homosexual marriage (through the courts, not through the ballot box). Obama is the epitome of government rape.\nThe level of ignorance here isdisappointing\nPeople BELIEVE they choose the justices ?? NO YOU DONT, the current President does.\nALWAYS HAS\nALWAYS WILL\nhorrifically ignorant\nSpeaking of Ignorance. to Preserve and Protect the Constitution of the United States was the Oath Obama took BOTH times he was elected He has done nothing but IGNORE and AVOID the Constitution during both of his terms. This country has less working people Not Working than ever before in the History of our Country, Why? Because of his Policies Obamacare is the main one. It caused Layoffs, cut hours for fulltime employment, more part-time jobs that do not have worker benefits, and was Voted in by DEMOCRATS, not 1 Republican Voted for it not to mention is was based on a LIE!  The President has the duty to NOMINATE not APPOINT, the Senate has the Duty to VET and APPROVE OR DENY his Nominations. We have 3 Branches of Government for a reason. The Constitution is not but a few pages and in this day of the Internet Anyone can study it (for free) and learn exactly the limits of the Presidents Powers. I suggest the majority of you guessing just what Power is afforded the President through the Constitution go study it. Most of you will be amazed at just how wrong you are. You Dont Know what You Dont Know !!!\nSass, KEEP SAYING WHAT YOURE SAYING!  Anyone praising the 0-boy must have missed Civics class the day the Constitution was studied. Howd they pass the test?  Oh, yea, Cliff Notes. Ive been an Independent since my first vote in 1968.  Although, I couldnt bring my self to vote for Wallace, the Independent that year, having grown up with him as my governor! He did since apologize for his murderous bigotry, after he was paralyzed and found the real G-d, who has no bigotrieshmmm. That always happens to the prison population, too, I think. They find G-d when they can no longer be bad. O-boy knows the Constitution.  I believe O-boy is merely the Pawn of bigger fishes in the world of power Brokers.  He studied/taught classes in Constitutional Law.  He knows it enough to skirt the law for his own agenda. He is taking us down the path to Hellone of Islamic Marxism.\nEveryones hatred and racism/bigotry, stupidity and gullibility is sticking out all over the place\nI think Obama is the greatest President ever. I voted for him twice! I love him!!! And you know what they say, once you go black, you never go back!  <3\nand Jack ?Fish, were ashamed of youyoure the embarrassment here.  you do not sound educated, you talk trashyou express no common sense of anything political and accuse individuals of retrograde thinking, then exhibit it yourselfnot unusual low-brow human behavioryoud probably never talk like you do here in public, so its obvious you have no real cajonesjust pretend cyber ones\nAnnie, as lifelong leftist I too voted for him twice, but never have I been so burned. The propaganda of the JSP/Muslim Brotherhood is turning our uni students into nazis. If the assaults on Jewish students were aimed at Muslims or African Americans, this president would be standing up and rightly castigating this leftist racism that is almost universal.\nSome of these commentators need to pull their heads out of Racist Asses.\nImpeach this Man!\nFor exercising legal powers granted to him by the constitution?\nFor Fast and Furious, for one.\nFor Benghazi, for two.\nFor Obamacare, for three.\nI could go on, but I doubt that any more evidence will convince you if these do not.\nIts really nice to know how many racists got stirred up, out onto the open.  What year is it again? If your not native American, I dont want to hear any racist shit you believe because of some birthright you think you may have. I would bet my bottom dollar that my my bloodlines go further back than most of these racist assholes, but they think they are entitled to place themselves above others. Fuck all of you. Each and every one.\nI am a Muslim and I am telling you people do not become devided.. there are professional provacator on this thread. The apparently racist comments are meant to enrage and divide you.. do not fall for it I implore you. . Your country is in danger.. its too late for me. . But if you get very smart very fast there is hope.. there has not been peace in the middle east in 1500 years. . and there will never be as long as you do not understand what is happening.\nThank you for your comments, iammuslim. Yes, these people here are only reactors.  The plants are obviously doing a good job on this site!  Im sure we are the butt of many a joke.  Wake up peopleThere is no substance to what you are spewing.  Too bad all this energy isnt put to a good purposeful end!  These miscreants who sit in front of their laptops, in an easy chair, and call everyone a dumb fuck, does NOT BODE WELL for our country.Do you really think your life is a joke? you act like it is.  Keep it up people and it will be if YOU DO NOT GO OUT and speak to your community in  the way that you speak in this forum, YOU ARE A CHICKEN SHIT!!! WORK. WORK. WORK for what YOU BELIEVE INmake EVERYTHING you do MATTER for aLL THE RIGHT REASONS.  WE MUST MAINTAIN OUR HUMAN RIGHTS.\nPretty you sure ignorant racists failed reading comprehension in high school.\nI am a Muslim and I am telling you people do not become devided.. there are professional provacator on this thread. The apparently racist comments are meant to enrage and divide you.. do not fall for it I implore you. . Your country is in danger.. its too late for me. . But if you get very smart very fast there is hope.. there has not been peace in the middle east in 1500 years. . and there will never be as long as you do not understand what is happening. Think think think\nObama just sold out Hillary!  Millions of Christian women who wanted to see a woman elected will no longer vote for her.  Hundred of thousands of Afro-American Christians who now understand that Obama is for the Muslim Brotherhood, not the Black community, will no longer vote for Hillary.  He just ended her chances of being elected.\nI SURE HOPE SO!!!!\nHas anyone actually seen Obamas REAL birth certificate yet?!!\nThis is as smell as Biff after the crash\nThis will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man.\nSharia Law\nDaniel 7:1-8 ( KJV )\nGreat Beasts\nIn the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream, and told the sum of the matters.\nDaniel spake and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea.  And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another.\nDaniel 7\nThe first was like a lion,(lion of Justice symbol of England) and had eagles wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, (Uncle Sam and the eagle) and a mans heart was given to it.  (England and the USA)\nRevelation 6\nAnd I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.\nAnd I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer. (Christian Nations)\nDaniel 7\nAnd behold another beast, a second, like to a bear, (symbol of Russia red bear) and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it: and they said thus unto it, Arise, devour much flesh. (Russia or communist)\nRevelation 6\n And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see.\nAnd there went out another horse that was red: and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword (Red Communist)\nDaniel 7\nAfter this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion was given to it. (China or Asian descent )\n Revelation 6\nAnd when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand.\nAnd I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine. (Trade)\nDaniel 7\nAfter this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns. (Middle East)\nRevelation 6\nAnd when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see. nd I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. Muslims)\nDan 2\n{And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all these, shall it break in pieces and bruise.\nAnd whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, (5 on each foot not together as yet) part of potters clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay. And as the toes of the feet (10 Nations no fully together yet) were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken. And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but they shall not cleave one to another, (Muslims are all over the world) even as iron is not mixed with clay. (Now you know why the Muslims cant get along with each other)And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, (Jesus) and that it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure.\nDan 7\nI considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.Thus he said, The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces. And the ten horns  (10 toes(10 Nations no fully together yet) out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: (Sharia law) and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.  (3-1/2 years)\n Revelation 12 Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child. And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, (3-1/2 years) from the face of the serpent. And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood. And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth. And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.\nDan 7\nBut the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end. And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him. Hitherto is the end of the matter. As for me Daniel, my cogitations much troubled me, and my countenance changed in me: but I kept the matter in my heart.\nYoure nuts.\nwayne, who did you write your dissertation for, yourself? NOBODY is going to read this.  you might as well save it for your bible class.\nI feel for the other justices imagine having to smell that lump of shit for hours at a time! Luckily there will be no way to confirm this scuzlim\nTHIS PRESIDENT MAKES ME WANT WANT TO VOMIT! HE IS MUSLIM AND HATES AMERICA SO MUCH FOLKS ITS  A DOWN RIGHT CRIME NOBODY DOES ANYTHING TO HIM! HE HAS NO PATRIOTS IN HIS BEST INTEREST HE JUST WANTS TO CONTINUING ASSAULTING TO US! THIS IS UNEQUAL AND ITS WORSE THAN I THOUGHT! WHY ISNT  ANYONE DOING ANYTHING ABOUT THIS/ HE JUST KEEPS DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY OVER AND OVER AGAIN. WE NEED TO GET THESE MUSLIMS OUT OF OUR COUNTRY NOW!!!\nActually, its Christians who need to leave, you people dont work and play well with others.  Your god is a narcissistic piece of shit and Christians are lazy welfare queens.\nLOL. The Protestant work ethic is what allowed America to succeed.\nThis more than proves obama is a moslem, a moslem sympathizer, hates America(ns), wants it destroyed from the inside and breaks the law every chance he gets!!! he has no right to do this by not having Americans voice their opinions!\nWhatever the various political beliefs of the people commenting here might be, Im done wasting my time here, I have meaningful things to do of positive benefit to other living beings,  unlike yourself.\nI hope our worthless GOP Senators enjoyed their recess! Has this fool even read the Constitution?\nHell will freeze over first.President Obama has come to regret his decade-old filibuster of Justice Samuel Alito, the White House said Wednesday as Senate Republicans threatened to block his nominee to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. The Alito nomination has become one of many historical footnotes that have taken on new relevance as Obama and the Republican-controlled Senate jockey for high ground in their battle over the election-year Supreme Court nomination. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest called Obamas decision to join in the filibuster of Alito in 2006 a symbolic vote based on specific objections to Alitos rulings as a lower court judge. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2016/02/17/obama-now-regrets-his-2006-alito-filibuster-white-house-says/80514152/\nGod Bless the Republic, Death to the New World Order, We shall prevail..\nYou guys realize that this isnt abcnews.com right? Its abcnews.com.co. Search for this story on CNN or the real ABC news or any other reputable news source. Its impossible for the president to bypass the confirmation process and appoint a justice without the approval of congress. Check your facts.\nBut but do you know how hard I worked to hit all the racist dog whistles in my comment without saying any outright racial slurs?!\nI already wrote a SCATHING critique of how this confirms Obama as a zealous Marxist atheist, pious Muslim & devout follower of the Reverend Wright!\nObama is inarguably an inept do-nothing whos completely transformed this country into a fascistic socialist lawless nanny-state wherein his Orwellian Big Brother government surveillance allows terrorism to flourish undetected. Bush kept us safe after 9/11  wheres Obamas 9/11? A true sleeper cell Manchurian candidate would best conceal himself by NOT having a terrorist attack of that scale under his sinister watch. Were on to your game Barack HUSSEIN Obama!\nThis is in violation of the power granted to the president and is void..  Executive actions are NOT law and cannot bypass the due process as set down by the Constitution.. Obama can reccomend someone, but cannot appoint anyone..\nErm, you have read the Constitution, havent you? Heres the recess appointment clause in case you missed it:\nThe President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End of their next Session.\n-U.S. Constitution Article II, Section 2\nthank you T.J!  those of us who have read the Constitution need to keep putting it out there, because most, sadly, most have not and know not of what they speakkeep it up!!\nIf ever there was a time for the Top Brass in the Military to rise up, it is now If the FBI and the Secret Service refuse to join in with the military than the military need to make an adjustment in their attitude.\nAny opposition from the senate, congress or supreme court should be immediately attested for treason.\nThis is another Violation of the Constitution. The Senate must approve all SCOTUS Appointees. The word Consent, means approves. Read the Constitution under Branchs.\nAlso using an EO to mandate Law, is a Violation as well. EO or EA is to amend an existing law, not make a new law..Again, Read the Constitution\nFor a so called Constitutional Lawyer, he Sucks at it and Fails the meaning of the Constitution.\nHe can nominate but he cant just with the pen appoint a Supreme Justice to replace the Honorable Scalia, and he was truly an honorable Justice.  Had integrity, upheld our laws and our Constitution, and was for freedom of all religions.  A true humanitarian and a true man of the law.  He will be missed and now we are in dangerous times with this radical president who wants to change our America and our American way of life, this president is not for our country, he is for himself and his party takeover of our lives.\nStory is 100% true and messed up\nTHREAT This will be dealt with by all means necessary and drastic.\nOf course king fuck stick would elect a goat rapist whos not even native to our country. That makes sense. Im sure hell uphold the constitutional meaning of our laws\nJK, he wont. Hell be a retard piece of shit like he last 2 appointees.\nGood news though, hell finally be able to push a gun ban through, and the civil war will kick off. First to die are social justice majors.\nYou people are hilarious! You voted for Obama twice! How stupid are you?!!\nWhat IS shocking are the vile, low, overtly racist comments in here. Another sign of Trumps influence I suppose.\nAh well, dont let your knuckles get too scuffed up, dragging them round the gutters must be tough.  And to think you just managed bipedal locomotion too!!!\nWhoa!  The visceral responses to this are embarrassing for sure.  Get a grip you maggot warts on the ass of society; the president is elected, then acts on behalf of those who elected him.  For arguments sake, 150 million Americans saysuck it!\nAs muslim he is a true supporter of equal rights for gays and women.\nImpeach Obama before he becomes another Hitler (his idol)!!!!!\nAnyone who rather that Obama chose another to the Supreme Court has the right to disagree. But to see so many racists commentary is disappointing. But I am not surprised when you think about it. However, the #REAL majority of US citizens comprising of all faiths, races, sexual preferences, and religions, will stand by his choice. Just like in our society, we need diversity in the supreme court as well.\nRashad Hussains knowledge and credentials are impeccable: He has attended University Of North Carolina, Chapel Hill , Harvard University, and Yale University. Now that is impressive. This was a very brave and intriguing choice made by Barack Obama. This appointment will certainly expose every racist posing as conscientious representatives of all US citizens that is in the congress.\nThe true Patriots of this great country must stick together and impeach this goddamn Muslim!!\nIll impeach your mother you goddamn white trash garabage!!!\nwhite trash, racists, hate mongers, idiots, troglodytes, uneducated, just plain stupid is as stupid does individuals post herefew with any good American values and decency who want to elect a a good candidate populate this site  its a waste of your time and mine  too bad, it had potential to really make a difference. you people will never accomplish anything but hatred in your life, given what has been written heremovin on to where good people will make good differences\nThe worst abomination from the antisemite Obama. His drive to turn the US into an Islamic caliphate cannot be denied. Islam, a world domination political ideology that is antithetical to all democratic freedoms, hard won, in the west. We have have already tasted the Islamic wrath against the infidel, in Boston, San Bernadino and more. Obama continues to invite the same serial killers and genocidal maniacs that plague his most hated country: Israel.\nTo all you sick republicans out there and i am a republican as well but not a sick raciest one Obama has the right to appoint some one and the senate has the obligation to confirm one no matter when it should come up but the republican party has screwed the american people over for seven years by fighting Obama on everything they all need to be fired as trump would say and hopefully they will be in this up coming election so i dont blame Obama for enything he does i blame the grand old pricks!!!\nIn 1992, Biden spoke saying that Bush MUST NOT NAME AN APPOINTEE, THAT IT WOULD HAVE  BEEN AMERICAN TO DO SO before he left office!!!  WHAT SIDE OF HIS MOUTH IS HE TALKING OUT OF NOW?!  HYPOCRISY ABOUNDS EVERYWHERE AND ESPECIALLY AMONGST THE POLITICAL PARTIES.\nNO ONE IN POLITICS OR MOST THAT RUN THE GOVT IS HONEST, ESPECIALLY THE O-BOY-BOY IN THE WHITE HOUSESAD BUT TRUEOUR POLITICIANS, LOBBYISTS AND GOVT WORKERS ARE ONLY SELF-SERVING -THEY LOVE SPENDING OTHER PEOPLES MONEY FOR THEIR OWN INTERESTS.\nTHEY ALL GO TO WASHINGTON RELATIVELY POOR AND COME HOME RICH, OR THE VERY LEAST A MILLIONAIRE. HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?\nWe must realize that our partys most powerful weapon is racial tensions. By propounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by whites, we can mould them to the program of the Communist Party (ed: Communism: Judaism translated into political terms). In America (and Europe) we will aim for subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro minority against the whites, we will endeavour to instil in the whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negros (ed: an exploitation which was really brought about by the Jewish goldsmiths or moneylenders behind the war-indebted thrones of medieval Europe who brought to their attention as a means of paying off their debts to the Jews, the rich pickings abroad that only the Jews with their transnational brotherhood of trading knew. Using the white race to seize control of the African slave trade from the Arabs, the wealth of mining and resources from the third world, the Jews were the main slave traders, slave-ship owners and plantation owners in America and the Caribbean). We will aid the Negroes to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige, the Negro will be able to intermarry with the whites and begin a process which will deliver America (and Europe) to our cause.\nIsrael Cohen, A Racial Program for the Twentieth Century, 1912. Also in the Congressional Record, Vol. 103, p. 8559, June 7, 1957\nWOW! I have a degree in History and NEVER came across any of this made up Sh*!! This made me laugh hysterically!  You poor poor thing. You are obviously anti-semetic and will put out this rubbish just to spread hate to further your agenda of divisiveness.\nSHARIA LAW AND CONSTITUTIONAL LAW CAN NOT CO-EXIST.\nUnder Sharia law:\n* There is no freedom of religion\n* There is no freedom of speech\n* There is no freedom of the press\n* There is no equality of people (a non-muslim is never equal to a muslim\n* There are no equal rights for women\n* Women can be beaten\n* Non-muslims can not bear arms\n* There is no democracy and all governments must ruled by Sharia\n* There is no equal protection for different classes of people..Justice is dualistic one set of laws for muslims males and a different set of laws for muslim females and non muslims.\nIt is the responsibility of all Americans to learn about Sharia law and political islam Religious Islam and Political Islam do not exist separately. Where one takes root, the other follows.. Turning a blind eye in the name of religious tolerance is part of the plan.\nTHEIR PLAN NOT MINE\nEDUCATION IS THE FIRST STEP TO STOPPING THE ISLAMIZATION OF THE WEST.  (C) JAN MORGAN \nTo Kevin Maher and Steven Lemon: Ive been called worse than a fool by better de-classe individuals than youa history student/teacher of 40 yrs, my views are studied and very opinionated by what I seeespecially on this site. People acting like simpletons lashing out w/ no direction of honest solutions to their griefs. EVERYONE on here is opinionated. Thats its purpose or havent you yet figured that out?\nNot to mention discourse is that this is a faux site w/ faux stories, simply created, allowing here what wouldnt be allowed in paper print or public forum  nasty, hateful, de-classe speech  great theatre, Id say! People posting here show just how much of a horses tail they can be. Hiding behind your computer, you can pretend to be the big macho peacock struttin yo stuff, swearing the worst you can, trying to feel like a real man. Thats not what makes a real man. At best, its school boy behavior, trying to feel empowered.  Who would really listen to you in the end?  If you were civil and reasonable, maybe Id listen to what you had to say.  And, even maybe you could persuade me. Has middle America lost its civility?  This is still a public forum, faux or not, because it is a forum for FREE SPEECH. This could be a fantastic tool for all parties, if only the Nasties would, as the Beatles say Let It Be little boys. Give us something we can use.\nPassionate & Cleverness is Good. Stupid is Not.\nWonder how abcnews really uses this data, especially if its all fake?  Because we leave a trail wherever we surf, read Kim Komando-Digital Goddess (online) how big corps digitally corral individuals personal data as they log onto corporations sites. An interesting world we live in\nSo, which are you? Bibb, Bibi,or just Bib? Just checking, and I stand behind what I say! I hide behind nothing, unlike you, 40 years an idiot is more like it!\nHELLO?\nI hate white trash!!!\nOh boy!\nI just want to see the niggles dead. And all nuggets with him\nGoddamn Obummer!!\nStill no acknowledgement of the Law preventing Mohammedans from emigrating into the USA, which negates this appointment completely. it makes you wonder if this is in fact the design, to create an impasse, especially for the folks who believe theyre Studied history teachers, expressing well thought out beliefs against the USA itself for not embracing the liberal side of every argument and destroying the very fabric of the nation which so many have fought and died to protect. Is the 2nd civil war coming? Is it the Design of liberals to create the situation which Forces everyone to take sides so Martial Law can be declared and Keep a false president in office? And is the Active effort at Dividing America going to bear Fruit? Whether its fact or not, it seems to be headed that direction with MANY on the Left Pushing Hard to KEEP that momentum up. Disturbing, disgusting and annoying all at once.\n2 observations: some Americans are extremely racist and some Americans are extremely stupid\nI am sickened by the backward 19th century BS being spewed by people on this comment thread who clearly have no real education. I pity your unfullfilling and brainwashed existence.\nThis is so great!!!\nThe President Appointed?,  The Republicans will attempt to block?  What planet are you on?  The President nominates.  And all the Republicans have to do is ignore him.\nThis is so obviously fucked up!\nALL RIGHT DAVID YOU CAN SEE CLEARLY! BEEOP Beep! RUN IT!\nYou all need to pull your heads out of your nether regions and read a bit more than just your hate filled news sources\nJust a humble request! Dont believe Islam and ISIS are the same!! Islam is a religion of peace!!\nAnd if you want to have a decent chat on this subject where I can help clarify misconceptions about Islam please contact me on esakrum at gmail dot comIts never too late to learn. Once you really understand what Islam preaches you will be amazed! Thank you and peace be on you!!\nYou dont understand what Islam preaches.  That is clear.\nWhat is the point in announcing an interim appointment if the court hears no cases between now and the inauguration?  Has there ever been such an interim appointmentbefore?  If so who was it and how long did he serve?", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-23T09:10:05-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON \u2014 Just two days after the funeral for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last week of a heart attack at the age of 79, President Obama signed Executive Order 14651, which appoints Rashad Hussain as the new Supreme Court Justice to replace Scalia."}
{"title": "This watermelon I bought on a whim is pretty good, but I can definitely imagine a better one. - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/this-watermelon-i-bought-on-a-whim-is-pretty-good-but-i-can-definitely-imagine-a-better-one/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Modern Language Wars, PHP vs Python vs Ruby - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/modern-language-wars-php-vs-python-vs-ruby/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The 10 Runway Trends You\u2019ll Be Wearing This Year - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-10-runway-trends-youll-be-wearing-this-year/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "We Found the Sexiest Lingerie on the Internet - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/we-found-the-sexiest-lingerie-on-the-internet-2/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.\nrawr OwO", "section": "Entertainment", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Facebook is open sourcing dfuse, D language bindings for FUSE - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/facebook-is-open-sourcing-dfuse-d-language-bindings-for-fuse/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Entertainment", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Home Run Kitten Favored in Competitive San Simeon - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/home-run-kitten-favored-in-competitive-san-simeon/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Erik Jones has day he won\u2019t soon forget as Denny backup - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/erik-jones-has-day-he-wont-soon-forget-as-denny-backup/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:42-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Beginner: Are you stuck in programming should not do - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/beginner-are-you-stuck-in-programming-should-not-do/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Vogue", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Joe Arpaio\u2019s Tent City In Phoenix Will Be Closing This December After 23 Years In Operation - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/joe-arpaio-tent-city-closing-in-december/", "text": "PHOENIX, A.Z. (AP)  At a closed-door hearing early this morning, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors decided that Maricopa Countys infamous Tent City will be shutting down in late December of this year after 23-years in operation. This ruling comes after years of protests, Sheriff Joe Arpaios current legal battles and pressure from lawmakers to close the facility. Current inmates during the time of the closure will be moved to other jails and housing locations not yet determined.\nPaul Horner with the American Civil Liberties Union said he approves of the decision made by the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors.\nThis is a move that is long overdue, but I applaud the council for finally making that right move, Horner told local news station ABC15. Tent City is the definition of a human rights violation and even though they may be inmates, they deserve to be treated like human beings. Sheriff Joe Arpaio has routinely abused pre-trial detainees by feeding them moldy bread, rotten fruit and other contaminated food. Arpaio chose to house inmates in 20-year old tents, so hot as to endanger their health, denying them care for serious medical and mental health needs and keeping them packed as tightly as sardines for days at a time. Horner continued, Inmates are also often denied vital life-saving necessities like water in 110 F degree heat. And the worst part is, more than 98% of the inmates at Tent City are there for non-violent crimes or probation violation. This is just more Arpaio antics aimed to show-off in front of the media while prisoners suffer, but now that this concentration camp is finally shutting down, none of these atrocities will happen any longer.\nFor years, Tent City has been criticized by groups citing violations of human and constitutional rights. The facility is also often protested by its critics. On July 12th, 2014, when the temperature in Phoenix hit 118 F, Arpaio measured the temperature inside Tent City and bragged to reporters it was 145 F inside the tents. Some inmates complained that fans near their beds were not working, and that their shoes were melting from the heat.\nArpaio is a national political fixture who built his reputation on jailing inmates in tents during Phoenixs triple-digit summer heat, dressing inmates in pink underwear, selling himself to voters as unceasingly tough on crime and pushing the bounds of how far local police can go to confront illegal immigration. Arpaio stated that he reserves the punishment of living in tent city for those who have been convicted. However, most of the population consists of pre-trial inmates.\nAn extremely controversial figure, Arpaio has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. He has been found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, with a monitor appointed to oversee the MCSOs operations. His jails have twice been ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Department of Justice concluded that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling in U.S. history, and subsequently filed a lawsuit against Arpaio for unlawful discriminatory police conduct. But the settlement by the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors doesnt cover the largest allegation  that Sheriff Joe Arpaios agency racially profiled Latinos in its regular traffic and immigration patrols. Supervisor Steve Gallardo said that issue will proceed to a scheduled August 10th trial in U.S. District Court in downtown Phoenix.\nThe official Maricopa County Sheriffs Office website features a bio of Arpaio that touts his Tent City Accomplishments by providing inmates with the cheapest meals in the U.S. by feeding inmates only twice daily, to cut the labor costs of meal delivery. As of yet, there is no mention of Tent City and its closing in December.\nHorner said this is a great day for all Americans who believe in civil liberties and human rights.\nIt makes me sick that Tent City stayed in business for over 20-years, but at least we can finally put an end to this horrible chapter in Arizona history, Horner said. Hopefully one day soon we can elect a new sheriff, a good, morally, un-corrupt sheriff, and get finally get Arpaio out of there. But for that to happen, I think the largest majority of voters, which are old people living in Sun City, need to die first.\nJoe Arpaio was replaced as sheriff on Nov. 9th after a weakly fought race. If you have any questions or comments about the closing of Tent City, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors has setup a 24-hour hotline at (785) 273-0325.\nYeah, great move. Now where are they going to put all those goddamn nigger criminals?\nPrick bastard wait til the day your white daughter comes home with a black baby just remember all those niggers dicks she sucks and get dicked down by BAHAHA or if you have son he might like nigger cock or lowkey you might like nigger pussy\nYou ignorant son of a bitch shit for all we know your mama might of slept with a nigger and your daddy found out and didnt like u much youre a product of a fucked up world\nRacist much?\nDamn! An uneducated in bred Jed for TRUMP!\nAre you serious right now with this shit? This Red State backwoods desert white people shit is getting so fucking old, Arizona is at the bottom of the barrel for SO much, especially education and this is the shit we produce and attract\nArpaio is planning to put these niggers up in the houses of the local population as part of his sweeping reform a criminal program. The kicker is the local population has no say in the matter and has to comply.\nWhy dont you just die and go to hell  Now go into hour hovel from which you came, ALL TRASH BELONGS TOGETHER.\nIts about time they closed this evil place!\nNigger ? Wow you raciest pig wait til those niggers rape you in your ass for being such a punk bitch\nThis is another great move by our horrible Muslim President Obummer! Impeach already!!!\nI am sorry the president did not have anything to do with this.  And why impeach the president? Everything hes done has been shown to be legal.\nAre you on drugs?\nNo honey, the fucking constitution and the Department of Justice did this. Blame the founding fathers for having SOME idea of human rights, mind you at the time they meant white and Male. but thats what youd prefer, right?\nThe decision must have been made because of how much it is costing the taxpayers for all the lawsuits racked up against Arpiehole because of the inhumane conditions. If it were for any other reason, doubt they would have waited 23 years to do it.\nWhen Arpiehole was first running for Sheriff, he bloviated he was only going to run for ONE TERM! 2 decades + later, he is still around. He started out as a liar, so why does anyone think he would somehow develop a set of Ethics along the way?\nOther places manage to lock up people without resorting to third world conditions. Tent City was a publicity horse for Arpiehole to ride, and ride it he did.\nYoure a whiney little bitch.\nIf you have any questions or comments about the closing of Tent City, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors has setup a 24-hour hotline at (785) 273-0325.\nNo surprise Arpaio supporters are outrageously racist.\nWe just dont like asshole border jumpers. #Trump2016 #buildthatwall\nI WAS LOCKED UP  THERE ON A WORK-RELEASE PROGRAM / I WAS PUT IN JAIL FOR FALSE CHARGES. IN THERE ,WE WERE TREATED LIKE SHIT. IN THE END I WAS LET GO ,AFTER 6 MONTHS OF COURTS FINALLY THEY REALIZED ,I DIDNT BELONG THERE.  THIS IS THE PLACE THEY ARE SHUTTING DOWN .. ( GOOD ) ITS ABOUT TIME. DIDNT THE CONTITUTIONAL BILL OF RIGHTS SAY NO CRUEL AND UNUSUAL PUNISHMENT?    THIS IS ONE. FUCK YOU JOE ARPAIO ( from the bottom of my heart )\nOne part of this that is untrue.. there is zero pretrial or untried finished court appearance individuals in tent city.\nTent city houses inmates that are already convicyed, or plead out their case, and then they qualified to go to tell the city. You have to be medically cleared by mcso health dept before you go to test city. Its the inmates choice work release, work furlow, etc.. funny how a conviction goes to jail, gets convicted, requests these programs, which they fully know involves tent city.  Noone ever claimed inmates were smart. And before any stupid comments, yes I too have been thru msco. Only a 90 day stent, but Ive Geena there. Its not a health club, or country club, but I sure as hell appreciate life and simple things a lot more after my experience. As well as respect ppl around me much more.\nas long as he runs he be elected. ive got nasty letters from those in   charge so i just tear up anything with his address on it\nIm sorry but this guy is fucked up in the head prisoners shouldnt suffer???? wtf??!?!? Prisoners shouldnt do shit to get thrown in jail for to begin with and im sorry but its a complete lie that untried people go to tent city. You have to be convicted and put in jail and then APPLY to go to tent city the inmates CHOOSE to go there so for this dumbass to say that they dont deserve to be there fuck you go jump off a bridge and maybe youll fly.. or not at least well be without your dumbass statements!!!!\nI dont care what the rest of you all THINK goes on there but you should most definitely research some of this shit before you stupidly believe everything you read on the internet you probably believe that Santa Clause still exists!!!!\nIf our troops that are defending our country, The USA, then there is NO REASON that people here that have been CONVICTED of a crime cant be put in the tents.  I however do not agree with citizens that HAVE NOT BEEN CONVICTED of a crime being in the tents.  I do not agree with all of his choices or policies, but I do agree with CONVICTS, that is persons being convicted of a crime being in these tents.  It saves money too.  It has NOTHING TO DO WITH RACE!!\nYou fcking douches are worried about tent city being inhumane? Gtfo!  99% of these hood rats are there because they deserve to be there.\n   Heres a thought, dont want to go to tent city? Keep your dumbass out of trouble. See, wasnt that easy?!\nYou should just let all the criminals out of tent city. Why lock them up like animals? Lets share this nation with the world!\nThis is excellent news.\nAnd now that the County of Maricopa has finally acknowledged the atrocity that is the tent city jail, it is time for Arpaio to be charged with crimes against humanity under the Nuremberg Treaty of which the United States is a signatory. People died in that tent city from exposure, deliberate food poisoning and medical neglect. Arpaio is already guilty of multiple crimes, as are most of the deputies who worked as guards of that facility over the last 23 years. They must all be prosecuted to send a strong message that such official crimes will not be tolerated. But as fish rot from the head down, let us begin with getting Arpaio to The Hague as soon as possible.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T03:15:10-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "PHOENIX, A.Z. (AP) \u2014 At a closed-door hearing early this morning, the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors decided that Maricopa County's infamous Tent City will be shutting down in late December of this year after 23-years in operation. This ruling comes after years of protests, Sheriff Joe Arpaio's current legal battles and pressure from lawmakers to close the facility. Current inmates during the time of the closure will be moved to other jails and housing locations not yet determined."}
{"title": "Omar Mateen\u2019s Final Text To Wife Released: \u201cI\u2019m Gay, That\u2019s Why I\u2019m Doing This.\u201d - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/omar-mateens-final-text-to-wife-released-im-gay/", "text": "ORLANDO F.L. (AP)  The FBI today released the final text message sent out by Omar Mateen to his wife just two hours after he started his attack at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando that  killed 49 people and injured 53 others. In the text, Mateen said, Im gay. I hate myself, and thats why Im doing this.\nThe Muslim gunman who committed the Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando, was 100 percent gay and bore a grudge against Latino men because he felt used by them, according to a man who says he was his lover for two months.\nIve cried like you have no idea. But the thing that makes me want to tell the truth is that he didnt do it for terrorism. In my opinion he did it for revenge, he told Univision Noticias anchor Maria Elena Salinas in an exclusive interview in English and Spanish on Tuesday.\nHe said Mateen was angry and upset after a man he had sex with later revealed he was infected with the HIV virus.\nAsked why he decided to come forward with his story, he said: Its my responsibility as a citizen of the United States and a gay man.\nSeddique Mateen, Omar Mateens father claimed his son was seeking retribution against the gay community.\nIn a video posted on Facebook, Seddique Mateen said his 29-year-old son, Omar Mateen, shouldnt have gone on the killing spree because God himself will punish those involved in homosexuality, according to a translation by the Washington Post.\nIn an earlier interview, he said there was no sign of any trouble when he saw his son just hours before the mass shooting, and he denied suggestions his son was radicalized or an ISIS sympathizer.\nThis text released today by the FBI comes as no surprise to those who study human behavior. A 1996 study, published in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology, found a strong link between professed homophobia and homosexual arousal. You cant hate something so much without hating that about yourself, thats Psychology 101, said Dr. Paul Horner, professor of psychology at the University of Central Florida. Mateen was raised as a Muslim by a father who was very much a homophobe himself. When you are raised to believe that your natural desires, desires which are beyond your own control, are sick and evil, it creates severe psychological problems that persist well into adulthood. There is really no telling how many more Omar Mateens are out there. Omar couldnt be gay because of his religion. His actions and all the innocent lives he took had nothing to do with terrorism.\nThe shooting has generated a mixed response among Americas conservatives, a group which is heavily influenced by Islams Abrahamic cousin, Christianity. Many Christians have spoken out against the shooting and say that it is a perfect example of why Islam is so dangerous and why its spread must be stopped. Many other Christians, such as Arizona Pastor Steven Anderson, have actually celebrated this attack, saying that this was a well-deserved punishment being visited upon the wicked by a righteous and vengeful God.\nDr. Cassandra Schmidt, professor of religious studies at the Central University of Northern Texas in Wichita Falls sees the development of a disturbing trend.\nMany people have bought into the notion recently that Christianity is somehow less dangerous than Islam because there are not as many acts of high-profile Christian terrorism, but this viewpoint ignores the fact that Christianitys influence on Western civilization has been tempered by centuries of enlightenment thinking and scientific discoveries. Since the election of Ronald Reagan in 1980, there has been a huge backlash against all things intellectual in this country, and in that time, Christianity has been moving very steadily in a much more fundamentalist direction. As the number of non-religious Americans continues to grow, I think youre only going to see those who remain in the faith get more and more conservative and more and more detached from reality. At the rate things are going, I wouldnt be at all surprised to see certain American Christians practicing female circumcision and honor killing within the next thirty years.\nDr. Schmidts thoughts were echoed by a high ranking member of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles who describes himself as a practicing homosexual. For obvious reasons he agreed to speak with ABC news solely on a condition of anonymity. The Muslim world behaves this way because they do not know any better; they do not have the advantage of being guaranteed a right to a secular education. Most Christians do, yet many are choosing to ignore what they have learned in favor of an ideology that, at its core, is almost indistinguishable from radical Islam. What most Americans do not realize is that there was a time long ago when the Muslim community was actually one of the world leaders in math, science, and technology and that during this time women in the Muslim world were actually treated far better than women in other religions throughout India and the Middle East were. Islam got to where it is today by turning its back on those enlightenment principles and embracing hardline religious doctrine in its place. Its pretty obvious to even the most casual observer that this is where Christianity is headed.\nABC news decided to take to the streets of Las Vegas to ask everyday Americans what they thought about Omar Mateens motivations for the attack. Most of the people who spoke with ABC news tended to agree that this was the act of a self-loathing homosexual and not that of an ISIS operative.\nAllison Stewart, a rattlesnake farmer from Yucca, Arizona who was attending a trade show at the MGM Grand said that I think its a load of [expletive] that people are trying to pin this whole thing on ISIS. The guy had nothing to do with ISIS. He loved [male genitalia] but he didnt have the [male genitalia] to admit it. So he killed the part of himself he hated that he saw in those other people and blamed it on ISIS like a little [expletive].\nThe Westboro Baptist Church, which is well known for its funeral protests and anti-gay activism, has already declared its intent to protest the Orlando victims funeral because of Mateens homosexuality. The organization routinely celebrates the deaths of homosexuals and others whom the church deems to be sinners or sodomites.\nShirley Phelps Roper offered her thoughts about Mateen to ABC news this morning via skype.\nI really wish that they would stop trying to tie this attack directly to ISIS. It is wrong to sully the name of such a wonderful organization by attaching this little [gay slur]s name to it. Omar Mateen was a homosexual, and because he was raised in the ways of Gods righteous law, the weight of his sins ate away at his conscience until he snapped. God bless Islam, without it, this incident never would have happened. Westboro Baptist Church fully supports ISIS and its efforts to wipe homosexuals and infidels from the planet. We pledge our undying spiritual and financial support to them, with the hopes that they will inspire more conflicted homosexuals to follow Mateens lead. Just because you have homosexual desires doesnt mean you should act on them. Ive been attracted to women since I was 13, but I chose to turn that sickness over to the Lord. If youre not willing to do that, you deserve whats coming to you.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the gender reassignment surgery my wife Barbara has always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us. Mikkelson continues, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up any of our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. We also sometimes like to say that there is some kind of top-secret, hidden website, underneath the site that we are debunking that actually has the malware, but we never say anything more than that, its all just for fun. And trust me, I think warning people about a website that could potentially destroy their computer is a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, Id say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.\nRegardless of how they feel about the issue, most Americans seem to be in agreement about why it happened. A young man had desires that were contrary to the religious beliefs he was raised with, and after years of internal conflict, he sought to cleanse himself and others through the Abrahamic faiths most ancient and revered practice: the spilling of blood. While most Americans agree on the whys, there is no consensus on how to fix the problem and prevent the next Omar Mateen.\nFor Leslie Duby-Sparks of the American Secular Society, the solution for the problem is rather simple.\nThis incident shows without a doubt that we must eliminate religion from all aspects of society. Time and time again religion has been used to justify various atrocities. Slavery, segregation, and even the killing of African Americans by the police have been justified by Christians by quoting select portions of the Bible. Muslims and Christians need to be more like the Jews. Jews dont kill anyone over their beliefs because most Jews have the sense to know their religion is nothing more than a fairytale. They follow their faith to preserve their unique cultural heritage, a heritage which has been pushed to the brink of extinction many times, usually by the Christians and the Muslims. Theyre not so ridiculous as to think that a megalomaniac sky man actually sat down and wrote a book telling them not to touch themselves.\nIf you or someone you know has had a homosexual relationship with Omar Mateen, the FBI has setup a Mateen Homosexual Hotline at (785) 273-0325. The FBI says that callers can remain anonymous.\nI knew he was gay!\nThis goddamn Muslim is only allowed to be gay in this country because of that nigger Muslim in Office, fuckin Obummer, who should be impeached already!!\nWow, youre a piece of trash. Your inability to understand the world around you or how to spell is astounding. Go sniff more glue.\nIdiot you are like him another pathetic loser.\nWow Donald FUCK OFF!\nBecause his religion didnt allow him to be gay, all those innocent people were killed, so sad\nYou must be really stupid..\nI knew it! It all makes sense now! This will be Omars legacy that he was a gay, homophobic man and not a terrorist\nI dont care what they say, this Islam loving KILLER was a terrorist!\nOmar is an evil piece of shit\nI thought mudslimes werent allowed to be cum drunk penis puffing buttfuckers?\nBecause he was that homophobic and so repressed about his own gay tendencies, he killed all those innocent people.. so sad. He was gay not a terrorist  that will forever be known as his legacy!\nABC News is not really a news organization anymore (if it ever actually was one).   But just a braindead neurotic Atheist propaganda site.    Its no better than lib-tard outfits such as Huffington Post.   And Cassandra Schmidt is a joke, and so is Leslie Duby-Sparks.   Arrogant goofballs and counter-factual zombie, barfing the usual failed idiocy.    Comparing what professed Christians do with what Muslims always do.    Homosexuality is banned in Saudi Arabia, and theyre hung and executed.    That does not happen in Italy or Greece or even Russia.    But homosexuality is a biochemical imbalance and trapped and overproduction.     Even if the feelings are not by choice that does not necessarily mean good or ok.    Darwin himself said that homosexuality was a negative, and would be selected out as unproductive to the race.   There are many Atheists who find homosexuality unnatural and disgusting.     But does not mean go shooting at them.   Islam is the ONLY religion on the planet that does what it does.    Because of the Koran, the Hadith, and example of that pedophile marauding murdering epileptic Mohammad.   Who is NOT to be compared to Jesus of Nazareth, in the least.   Only losers like Cenk Ogre, Duby-Sparks, and Schmidt would stupidly sloppily do that.  Sam Harris would find the dumb puke on this page laughable.   ABC News and its so-called expert hacks = FAIL.\nABC News is not really a news organization anymore (if it ever actually was one).   But just a braindead neurotic Atheist propaganda site.    Its no better than lib-tard outfits such as Huffington Post.   And Cassandra Schmidt is a joke, and so is Leslie Duby-Sparks.   Arrogant goofballs and counter-factual zombies, barfing the usual failed idiocy.    Comparing what professed Christians do with what Muslims always do.    Homosexuality is banned in Saudi Arabia, and theyre hung and executed.    That does not happen in Italy or Greece or even Russia.    But homosexuality is a biochemical imbalance and trapped and overproduction.     Even if the feelings are not by choice that does not necessarily mean good or ok.    Darwin himself said that homosexuality was a negative, and would be selected out as unproductive to the race.   There are many Atheists who find homosexuality unnatural and disgusting.     But does not mean go shooting at them.   Islam is the ONLY religion on the planet that does what it does.    Because of the Koran, the Hadith, and example of that pedophile marauding murdering epileptic Mohammad.   Who is NOT to be compared to Jesus of Nazareth, in the least.   Only losers like Cenk Ogre, Duby-Sparks, and Schmidt would stupidly sloppily do that.  Sam Harris would find the dumb puke on this page laughable.   ABC News and its so-called expert hacks = FAIL.\n@ Shit Scholar if you go beat off you will feel better.\nIf we need your opinion well go take a shit.\nOr you could start a blog page and bribe your cousin Ricky Bobby to stop by so you can have two page hits on your shit blog.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:00:03-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "ORLANDO F.L. (AP) \u2014 The FBI today released the final text sent out by Omar Mateen to his wife two hours after he started his attack at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. In the text, Mateen said, \u201cI\u2019m gay. I hate myself, and that's why I'm doing this.\u201d"}
{"title": "Vince Gilligan Announces Breaking Bad Season 6; Returns This Summer \u2013 Walt Did Not Die! - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/vince-gilligan-announces-breaking-bad-season-6-returns-this-summer/", "text": "Hollywood, CA  Breaking Bad fans around the world are celebrating the stunning, glorious and amazing news that was announced today: Walter White is not dead, and there will indeed be a sixth season of the wildly-popular, award-winning AMC drama.\nThis shocking and exciting news comes not from an internet message board or the rumor mill but from series creator Vince Gilligan. In an exclusive ABC News interview, Gilligan dropped the bombshell.\nWalter White is not dead, and neither is Breaking Bad, said the 48-year-old writer, director, and executive producer of the groundbreaking show.\nWeve kept it under wraps for months, now the cats out of the bag. Season 6 is coming, and its going to be epic and true to the fans that have followed the show so incessantly.\nGilligan explained his decision to continue with the popular series.\nI just couldnt walk away from it. This isnt a cash-grab or a sophomoric attempt to bastardize what was such a beautiful ending to season 5. Ive invested so much of myself in these characters that Id always had an inkling Id return to it, even outside [the] Better Call Saul [spin-off]. The kicker was Id need a spark, something that made it make sense for these stories to continue.\nThe series star Bryan Cranston seemed to drop a major hint in an interview with CNNs Ashleigh Banfield back in May. Asked by Banfield if his character, Walter White, died or not, Cranston said, Hey, you never saw bags zip up or anything. Or say  you know.\nGilligan explained how the decision came about to do a season six.\nBryan [Cranston] called me up and said he had this incredibly lucid dream in which Walt wakes up in a hospital bed surrounded by the DEA, ends up breaking out of prison and finds out hes got fans, Gilligan said. This isnt a redemption story, its got a bleak, dark premise. I cant give away any more of the details, but lets just say Walt has quite a bit of unfinished business to attend to, and it sure as hell has nothing to do with teaching high school science.\nAccording to Gilligan, the entire cast agreed to return for at least one more season. This includes Bob Odenkirk, star of Better Call Saul, the prequel comedy series with season two beginning February 15th.\nIm not surprised in the least that Vince was going back to Breaking Bad, said Odenkirk. Before we began shooting this new season, I was working with him on the set, and the last few times I had seen him, he had sort of a glint in his eye, a bounce to his step. He was laughing at a bunch of jokes I couldnt pull off two years ago. I mean, comedy and drama can be radically different, and no one does drama like Vince. Season 6 will be great, I just know it, and I cant wait to see where this journey takes us.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that gives new socks to the homeless and those less fortunate, told ABC News she is excited that Gilligan will be featuring the group in the upcoming season.\nYou are from UK and looking to buy Modafinil please have a look at this website where you can buy Modafinil online or learn about it from United Kingdom\nIm just thrilled that Vine [Gilligan] is using our name and group in season six of Breaking Bad, Bradley said. We have so many great scenes and dialogue in season six, it is so fantastic. This will definitely increase the amount of donations we receive and put so many more brand new pairs of socks on the feet of homeless people. Please give what you can, every dollar puts at least one new pair of socks on the foot of someone less fortunate.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, upon hearing the announcement by Gilligan confirmed the news with ABC News.\nYes, its true. I have a friend, Tom Downey, who is a writer for the show who told me everything. You dont know how much of a relief this is to finally get this off my back. Ive been keeping this a secret for six long months now, I was ready to explode, Mikkelson said. Heres a little spoiler for all you fans out there so stop reading right now if you dont want any information, otherwise, lets go. Season six begins with Walt waking up in the hospital, handcuffed to his bed. Like Bryan [Cranston] said last May, nobody ever saw a body bag, so essentially, the last episode of Season 5 was left open-ended. Skyler, Walt Jr., Marie none of them have any idea hes survived, but the DEA is right on top of it. Well go through the motions of people finding out hes alive  many people wanted Walt dead, so theres a lot of disconcerted, angry people out there. We have Walt going to trial, his incarceration and how hes keeping Heisenberg and the blue meth on the streets during his imprisonment. Season 6 will have Walts eventual breakout, despite the fact that hes being held prisoner in a fashion not seen since Hannibal Lecter. The nationwide manhunt for Jesse Pinkman is both epic and gripping, and I can tell you for certain his relationship with Walt will continue, in a much more strained, arch-nemesis-type fashion. None of this is anything you wont find out about in the trailer, but its high time to get truly, truly excited for the greatest show of all time! I believe in this, its a valid and worthwhile continuation of something that deserves discernment and care. Breaking Bad Season 6! Its not over yet!\nFor comedic relief in season 6, a Christian anti-masturbation organizations mascot named Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin will be joining the crew. Fappy, played by newcomer 37-year-old Paul Horner from Phoenix, Arizona, told ABC News he is excited about the role.\nIm not familiar with the show, honestly if its not in the Bible I probably havent heard about it, Horner said. A couple months ago, the great Lonnie Childs, president of Stop Masturbation Now, contacted me and asked if I wanted to be in one of those moving picture shows about breaking stuff badly and smoking methamphetamine. I told him I had never tried meth before, but the people at the bus stop look like theyre having a good time. I also told him I was interested in the part, but just as long as the breaking show had no self-rape or homogayness in it. He assured me it didnt, so I said, sure, why not! Horner continued, I think this is a perfect platform to help spread awareness about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. This is going to be so much fun! Praise Lonnie Childs! Praise Fappy!\nThe original series won multiple awards, including ten Primetime Emmys. Out of 267 nominations, Breaking Bad has garnered 101 trophies. Breaking Bad: Season 6 is set to return sometime this summer.\nImage from a storyboard of Breaking Bad Season 6\nBest news, or best news ever!\nYeah!!!! Breaking Bad season six!!!!!!\nI want to have so many babies with Vince Gilligan\nI cant believe it! Doing a reference: This gonna be LEGEN Dary!\nGreat news!!!!\nThis is fuckin awesome !!!!!!!!!!\nyoure full of crap\nAs someone who hated the finale, I hope this can redeem that schlock.\nTrop bien saison 6  venir  hte dy tre !!!! French fan\nWoo! Season 6!!!\nOmg i cant wait . Love the show. Watch the reruns all the time. Is the best show ever on. Thank you for giving us more.\nThis may well be the best news Ive had since my gig on Suits  Vince sure knows how to keep us guessing. Cannot wait to start shooting my scenes.\nDC\nYEAH! BREAKING BAD SEASON 6!!! WOO-HOO!!!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-08T09:00:18-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Hollywood, CA \u2014 Breaking Bad fans around the world are celebrating the stunning, glorious and amazing news that was announced today: Walter White is not dead, and there will indeed be a sixth season of the wildly-popular, award-winning AMC drama."}
{"title": "Why Bernie Sanders Is Actually Winning: The Delegate Count Explained In 5 Easy Steps - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/bernie-sanders-actually-winning-delegate-count-explained-5-easy-steps/", "text": "Concord, NH  Though Bernie Sanders won the New Hampshire primary in a landslide over Hillary Clinton, he will likely receive fewer delegates than she will. But does that really matter? The simple answer is no and let me explain why.\nSanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Partys nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.\nNew Hampshire has 24 pledged delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.\nBut under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8 superdelegates, party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.\nNew Hampshire has 8 superdelegates,6 of which arecommitted to Hillary Clinton, giving her a total of 15 delegates from New Hampshire as of Wednesday.\nThe states 2 remaining superdelegates remain uncommitted.\nSo after a razor-thin victory in Iowa and a shellacking in New Hampshire, Clinton has 394 delegates, both super and electorally assigned, to only 42 for Sanders. Now here is where it gets interesting:\nFor a delegates vote to count, the number of people that turned out to vote must be greater than 40% and less than 65% of the total population in that state.\nSince more than 65% of Iowans voted this year, this makes a 2 for 1 situation under the DNCs current rules. And since the people of Iowa that did get out that day to vote outnumbered the percentage of superdelegates, then that means Sanders actually won Iowa. So since the superdelegates no longer matter, under DNC rules, you can see that the current delegate count for Clinton would now be 280, both super and electorally assigned. But it gets better than that for Sanders.\nUnder the Winter Solstice rules of the DNC, it is common for the delegate count to be in a state of Paridism or confusion. This is due to the fact that the March Equinox has not yet arrived. So because of this, it gives way for an amount of delegates that has yet to even be counted. So going with the current percentages of 61.05% under ABR rule 5-78a, this means that Sanders will increase his delegate power or delegate strength in the current DNC format by 10 fold, once March 1st comes, of course.\nSo now, factoring in these easy to understand numbers, you can see that the current count, come March 1st would give Clinton 230 delegates and Sanders 206.\nThis sounds great, right? Well, it gets better for Sanders.\nBecause of the even-odd system set in place by the DNC, a superdelegate vote, on an even load, depending on the backlog of DBW votes (total), would supersede the current count by more than 57%, thus giving Sanders an additional 26 delegates, come the March Equinox, and based on the DNCs rules of over-under and HQL8-ia. That factored in with D12 and its current and ex-members, including Bizarre, along with the DNCs current rules and regulations, you can see the new count would have Sanders in the lead with 232 delegates and Clinton with only 204.\nOnce you understand how delegates and superdelegates work in the electoral process, it really is quite something. One may argue that instead of all this, you could simply add up the total amount of votes by the people and whoever gets the most votes would be the winner, but then you would not be following the timeless tradition in which we all call voting.\nPetition: Superdelegates; Dont Deny Democracy\nThanks for clearing this up! It all makes sense now!\n#FeelTheBern\nI was wondering about all of this. Now after reading this, it all makes sense. Clinton still could win, but your article is proof that Sanders is currently in the lead. Great news!\nFeel the Bern!!!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-11T11:08:26-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Concord, NH \u2014 Though Bernie Sanders won the New Hampshire primary in a landslide over Hillary Clinton, he will likely receive fewer delegates than she will. But does that really matter? The simple answer is 'no' and let me explain why."}
{"title": "Obama: I believe Donald J. Trump will not be president - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/obamai-believe-donald-j-trump-will-not-be-president/", "text": "President Obama is still doubting the staying power of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, and is hitting his reality show credentials as a reason Americans shouldnt take him seriously.\nI continue to believe Mr. Trump will not be president, Obama said Tuesday. And the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American people.\nObama told reporters he believed Americans still see the presidency as a serious job.\nIts not hosting a talk show, or a reality show. Its not promotion, its not marketing, Obama said. Its hard and a lot of people count on us getting it right.\nSpeaking to reporters in a press conference in Rancho Mirage, Calif., Obama did not, however, answer whether he believed Trump had the capability of securing the GOP nomination.\nHe also hit the rest of the GOP field, saying foreign observers are troubled by the rhetoric in the GOP primary, including doubting of climate change and proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.\nWhy do you NOT print comments?\nNo one with any sense would expect MAObama to say anything else, would they? DONALD TRUMP is MAObamas worst nightmare!\nFINAL THOUGHTS:  Obama: I believe Donald J. Trump will not be Presidentbecause I have faith in the American people.. He must have had his teleprompters turned-off, because the American People MAObama professes so much FAITH IN, have very little faith in him! In fact, polls show that the American People have less FAITH in MAObama, than perhaps any other President in the history of the United States (who DID, or DIDNT, spent over 7 years in Office). If MAObama has so much FAITH in We The People, why did he admit lying about ObamaCare, to wit: keep your doctor if you like her or him; keep your insurance company if you like it; and, the average American family will save $2,500 dollars per year. After MAObama sought the advice from his architect of MAObamaCare, Jonathan Gruber, Gruber advised Obama to lie to the American People, because they were so stupid theyd never remember. MAObama, with all his FAITH in US, did just that: lied; later, in an apology, he claimed, I had to LIE if I wanted to be reelected (in 2012). MAObamas praying Hillbillary wins, lest there is no longer anything to keep her from spilling her guts, so to speak, to save herself, about the true, covert, motivation, for all of MAObamas anti-American People policies and actions, not least of which included repeatedly attacking the 2nd Amendment; clearly NOT to save lives,  BUT to get the means of defense, against HIS ROGUE REGIME, out of the hands of the AMERICAN PEOPLE, in whom he claims he has so much FAITH!!! DONT MAKE ME LAUGH! Want to earn some FAITH from the AMERICAN PEOPLE before your term ends, appoint a replacement for Justice Scalia (God rest his soul), of whom Justice Scalia, himself, would approve!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-16T16:34:01-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "President Obama is still doubting the staying power of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, and is hitting his reality show credentials as a reason Americans shouldn\u2019t take him seriously. \u201cI continue to believe Mr. Trump will not be president,\u201d Obama said Tuesday. \u201cAnd the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American"}
{"title": "Fox News Sues Snopes For $20 Million Over Story Calling Them A 'Fake News Site' - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/fox-sues-snopes-for-20-million-over-story-calling-them-fake-news/", "text": "San Francisco, CA  Today, Fox News Channel filed a $20 million dollar lawsuit against Snopes.com. In the lawsuit, Fox is seeking damages caused by an article Snopes published which called the media giant clickbait and a fake news site.\nThe Snopes article at the center of the $20 million lawsuit, titled TRUE: Fox Is A Fake News Site Promoting Fear & Paranoia Through Their Echo Chamber Of Hate & Ignorance, which has since has been removed, is shown here in a screen shot that has been posted on various social media websites:\nTom Downey, who is a spokesman for Fox News, spoke with ABC News about details of the lawsuit.\nThe Fox News Channel, along with its millions of loyal followers, rely on us heavily, for fair and balanced reporting of events from around the world. The article on Snopes was in extremely bad taste and not funny whatsoever. To say our followers live in an echo chamber of hate and ignorance, and are nothing but a bunch of old, white, bigoted, racists is beyond ridiculous. To say we bring out the worst in the worst people is the definition of libel and slander. We couldnt have the word news in Fox News, unless we were a real news outlet and not fake news like Snopes has claimed us to be. I believe any reasonable court in America will agree with the lawsuit and rule in our favor.\nSnopes, a website that debunks stories on the internet in order to generate traffic and advertising revenue, told ABC News they are confident in winning the suit.\nClickbait is defined as web content that is aimed at generating online advertising revenue, especially at the expense of quality or accuracy, relying on sensationalist headlines to attract click-throughs and to encourage forwarding of the material over online social networks. Well, in that case, technically, any story on the internet that has a clickable headline and ads within their article could be considered clickbait, Snopes founder David Mikkelson said. Personally I dont know why Fox is so mad about about us calling them clickbait. I mean, under the definition of clickbait, our website is clickbait. 99% of the internet is clickbait. I think the only sites out there that you couldnt call clickbait are those not serving up any kind of ads. And as for Fox claiming not to be fake news, I think 99% of the internet, that same 99% that is clickbait, would agree with us on that one.\nPaul Horner, who Snopes calls, The prolific writer and ubiquitous satirical character who inserts his name into all his articles, said he has mixed emotions about the lawsuit.\nFox News is pure evil, but I dont blame them for suing Snopes. They call my articles fake news and clickbait all the time, Horner said. Throughout the years, I cant even imagine how much money Ive made Snopes because of all the articles they have written about me, my stories and my websites. Seriously, four of my recent stories have been featured on Snopes in the last 6 days alone. With all the money I make them, Ive probably put at least a couple of their kids through college by now. And do I even get a Christmas card or even a thank you? No. Well, youre welcome Snopes. Just remember, I pay your salary.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with Snopes and is sickened by Fox News and their coverage of the media.\nIf its a story that will scare people or make them angry, Fox News covers it, Bradley said. They exaggerate the truth so it fits their agenda of imprisoning minds with fear and hate. They make racism and bigotry worse in this country instead of covering real news stories, something positive, like what we are doing to help the homeless. Bradly continued, Fox News only covers how much of a burden the homeless are. Why not try and help them? By helping them, they become less of a burden on the tax payers of this country, theres less crime and youre also helping out your fellow man instead of being selfish and only looking out for yourself. Also, I sincerely want to thank everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much! Please, give what you can.\nHarvard law professor, Erick Biez, believes Fox News will lose the $20 million lawsuit.\nIt is of my personal opinion that this case falls under fair use laws protected by freedom of speech and using parody to deliver its message, Biez said. Though, if I was Snopes I would still be worried. Theyve made a lot of enemies over the years and it was only a matter of time before something like this happened.\nThe $20 million lawsuit was filed at the Superior Court of California with opening arguments beginning March 15th.\nIts too bad Obama doesnt step in and help Fox News with this lawsuit, but all he cares about is the lamestream media! Cant wait to get that nigger Muslim out of office!\nhi Ronald, it seems you are a bit of a racist. please leave that kind of crap off the internet. its not welcome here.\nHey dumb ass son of a bitch white shit like you\nFuck Fox!\nI like Snopes, but I think they could have gone too far this time\nSnopes  lol\nABC News is a propaganda arm for the DNC and far more of a fake news site than Fox is.  Im just sayin.\nYeah, but Fox News worships Satan\nNo, there are none so fake as Fox Lies. They only ever broadcast true news by accident!\nWay to go Snopes! You got this!\nBrilliant.\nIm just hoping they do a segment on how to end self rape\nFox news you are not reporting real news. How about Christian Genocide being set up in European countries, people type in the invasion of Europe on utube it is planned here that is why all main stream media presstitutes are not reporting. Type in as well the rape ,and murder of Sweden. Start watching videos it will make youre blood boil. Type in Black Arfica Genocide of christans, watch videos pure murder. Type in Genocide of christans in middle east. No Fox,Abc,Msnbc,and Cbs,Cnn,Npr,Nbc list goes on people are waking up fast. You all are low life scum . So fricking sue me you devil controlled Communist presstitutes. God is watching he well have no pitty. Hitler killed all who helped him come to power wake up repent you are serving pure evil\nFox news you will be implicated soon about covering up invasion of Europe by Muslin immigrants who are raping,and murdering innocent women, and children. And robing ,and committing home invasions. I have evidentiary facts go to utube people type in the invasion of European countries.\nI hope Snopes loses. Fuck them", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-22T07:00:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "San Francisco, CA \u2014 Today, Fox News Channel filed a $20 million dollar lawsuit against Snopes.com. In the lawsuit, Fox is seeking damages caused by an article Snopes published which called the media giant \"clickbait\" and a \"fake news site\"."}
{"title": "The Orlando Mass Shooting: Further Proof That We Need Stricter Gun Laws - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-orlando-mass-shooting-further-proof-that-we-need-stricter-gun-laws/", "text": "ORLANDO F.L. (AP)  The Orlando shooting has forced media outlets such as Fox News to tip toe around what they say about gun laws in this country. The fact that this freak was investigated twice by the FBI in the last two years but was still able to buy an AR-15 is beyond ridiculous.\nBut Mateen was all good to go when buying a Rambo gun that killed all those people because he filled out a form and waited an entire three days! Or, if he would have gone to a local gun show or private seller, he could have gotten that gun in the same day with no forms to fill out! Murica!!!\nThis Tuesday, because of Sundays tragic events, President Obama is set to sign Executive Order 13691 which will create a mandatory waiting period of 30-days regardless if a firearm is purchased from a gun show, licensed dealer or private seller. It will also ban all sales of assault rifles in this country.\n\nAs you can see this drug is similar to adderall and how adderall works when you can buy adderall online as explained in http://www.buyadderallxr247.com/.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-06-13T11:25:56-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "ORLANDO F.L. (AP) \u2014 The Orlando shooting has forced media outlets such as Fox News to tip toe around what they say about gun laws in this country. The fact that this freak was investigated twice by the FBI in the last two years but was still able to buy an AR-15 is beyond ridiculous."}
{"title": "Neverland Ranch: Michael Jackson Kept Stockpile of Child Pornography At Home - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/neverland-ranch-michael-jackson-kept-stockpile-of-child-pornography-at-home/", "text": "Newly obtained reports from the 2003 child molestation investigation of Michael Jackson reveal that the late pop star had stockpiled gruesome underage pornography on his Neverland Ranch.\nDuring a police raid in November of 2003, his California homewas reportedly found with pornography that included both adults and children, animal torture, S&M, and gore, along with drugs to treat sex addiction, with multiple prescriptions written by a variety of physicians, according to documents obtained by Radar Online.\nInvestigators told Radar Online that these materials were used to desensitize children.\nThe documents exposed Jackson as a manipulative, drug-and-sex-crazed predator who used blood, gore, sexually explicit images of animal sacrifice and perverse adult sex acts to bend children to his will, the source told Radar.\nJackson was charged with child molestation and two counts of giving an intoxicant to a minor in 2003. He faced up to 20 years in prison, but waslater acquitted in 2005. During that trial, the New York Times reported:\nProsecutors painted him as a serial pedophile who got young boys into his bed using Neverland as a lure. They portrayed the singers estate near here as a no-rules fantasy kingdom that lowered childrens inhibitions and made them ready for Mr. Jacksons sexual advances. The accuser in the case was just the latest in a long list of Mr. Jacksons special friends, they said, at least two of whom were silenced with large payments.\nA jury cleared Jackson of all the charges, with one juror saying after the trial, we considered all the evidence, and since this was a criminal trial, it had to be beyond a reasonable doubt.\nSince then, lawyers claim that Jackson paid up to $200 million to keep as many as 20 victims quiet. Jackson died in 2009 after taking a lethal dose of sleeping medications administered by his doctor.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-06-22T09:52:25-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Newly obtained reports from the 2003 child molestation investigation of Michael Jackson reveal that the late pop star had stockpiled gruesome underage pornography on his Neverland Ranch."}
{"title": "Christian Anti-Masturbation Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation At Japanese Embassy - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/anti-masturbation-mascot-arrested-public-masturbation/", "text": "Los Angeles, CA  In an ironic twist of a fate, a mascot for a Christian anti-masturbation organization was arrested today for masturbating in public while at a protest being held at the Japanese Embassy in Los Angeles, California.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, whose real name is 37-year-old Paul Horner, was arrested at the Japanese Consulate after protesters notified police about a man running through their protest with nothing on except a dolphin mascot head while touching himself. Ironically the protest was over Japans annual dolphin drive held in the town of Taiji that kills thousands of dolphins a year. During Horners arrest, it was learned he was out on work release from the Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility, where he is currently serving eight-years for his 4th arrest of public masturbation along with a charge of aggravated assault on a police officer.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she was at the protest when police arrived.\nIt was really weird to see a naked man fondling himself and wearing a dolphins mascot head while running through a group of dolphin protesters, Bradley said. I thought maybe it was a stunt the protesters were doing to get more attention but I guess not.\nTom Downey with the Los Angeles Police Department, who took Horner into custody, spoke with local news station KABC about the arrest.\nAt first we thought he was possibly intoxicated or mentally unstable, ya know, talking about children and how deadly it is for them to masturbate. Telling us he was at the park with a Christian organization speaking to children about the dangers of masturbation. Saying things like, They need to stop playing on the Devils playground, stop pounding their Devil stick and ringing the Devils doorbell, we thought he was insane, Downey said. Turns out he actually was with this anti-masturbation organization who were accompanying a group of 3rd graders around the park when Horner left the children when he saw images of dolphins on the signs that these protesters were carrying. Mr. Horner said he was aroused by all the pictures of dolphins. We further learned that Mr. Horner has four previous arrests for public masturbation, all while employed by this anti-masturbation organization.\nHorner, along with his organization, Stop Masturbation Now, recently finished a federally funded 31-city nationwide school tour which they claim focused on educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation.\nLonnie Childs who is president and founder of Stop Masturbation Now spoke with reporters about the future of the organization after this recent setback.\nThanks to your tax dollars, Fappy has helped tens of thousands of children learn to live a masturbation-free lifestyle. During his countless visits to schools around the world, Fappy has collected thousands of signatures from children promising to never masturbate; he has done amazing things, Childs said. It is a shame how the media is portraying Fappy right now. Paul Horner is a great man. He is passionate about his work, he loves being Fappy and he especially loves the kids. They even have a nickname for him; they call him the tickle monster. But now, all of that is possibly ruined by some trumped-up charges by the Los Angeles five-oh, such a shame. Childs continued, These lies about Fappy sicken me to my very core. The employees who supposedly observed the incident in question need to be investigated. What is their motive? Are they masturbators? Are they agents of Big Masturbation? What are their crimes? These are the questions that must be addressed. Furthermore, we have found that, over the years, the only thing that Fappy beats are all the fraudulent charges brought against him. I have activated my prayer app and I ask that each and every one of you to keep Fappy in your prayers until this misunderstanding is resolved.\n40-year-old Phil Freedom, who was there protesting at the Japanese Embassy, witnessed the act in question.\nThis man just started running around, naked, furiously masturbating and yelling something about how great Donald Trump was. He then put on this dolphin mascot head and attempted to hump one of our protest signs that had an image of a dolphin on it. It was absolutely horrifying.\nOn the groups Facebook page, news was posted of the arrest.\nAll my faithful Fappy followers, I have some extremely bad news to report. I want you to hear it here first before the liberal media hate machine and Big Masturbation spread their lies about this incident. Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, whose real name is Paul Horner, an inmate at the Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility, was out on work release in Los Angeles, California this morning. Fappy, as usual, was educating elementary school children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. Somehow he got separated from the group and joined up with a dolphin protest at the Japanese Embassy there. It is reported by police that he took off his mascot costume and began running around naked while touching himself. Our lawyers tell us he is being charged with public masturbation, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct. He is currently being held at the Los Angeles Central Jail until a bond is set by a judge, this happening hopefully soon. These are obviously lies, but until we have all the information, please dont jump to any conclusions. Please keep Fappy in your prayers during this difficult time. Praise Fappy!\nHorners attorney, Katie Glacier, told ABC News that the dolphin mascot is innocent of these crimes but will continue teaching masturbation prevention while in prison.\nHorner is in good spirits and patiently waiting to see a judge for his bond hearing, Smith said. Horner told me he is innocent, but if found guilty, says he will put an end to inmate masturbation in every jail and prison across the country, starting with the one he is currently serving time at. I personally was not aware of this information about the penal system, but it seems jail is just a hotbed for self-rape and immoral acts. Horner is a saint, a hero, a prophet, and a savior to all the lost heathenish souls out there with deadly masturbation addictions. Glacier continued, This may be his fifth arrest for masturbating in public, and may be currently serving an eight-year prison term for the same crimes, but that doesnt mean hes guilty this time. If Donald Trump was President, this wouldnt have happened, or if it did, Fappy would be immediately pardoned. I guess at this time, all I can ask is that you please keep Fappy in your prayers during these difficult times.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin and Stop Masturbation Now are federally funded programs designed to teach children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation. For more information or if you would like the group to visit your childs school call (785) 273-0325.\nI was masturbating 6 or 7 times every day until I met Fappy.  He saved me from myself.  Now Im down to 2 times a week.  Praise Fappy ! Find him on Facebook.\nI was abusing myself 5 or 6 times every day until I met Fappy.  He saved me from myself.  I down to once or twice a week.  Praise Fappy !", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-03-22T11:00:52-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Los Angeles, CA \u2014 In an ironic twist of a fate, a mascot for a Christian anti-masturbation organization was arrested today for masturbating in public while at a protest being held at the Japanese Embassy in Los Angeles, California."}
{"title": "Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation v. Paul Horner - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/fox-news-v-paul-horner/", "text": "RESPONSE BY PAUL HORNER\nTo: Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, Complainant & National Arbitration Forum\nFrom: Private Registrant / Respondent / Paul Horner\nDate: April 4, 2016\nRe: Domain name FOXNEWS.COM.CO\nHello friends,\nHere is my response with exhibits attached. Thank you for your time and have a great day!\nBest Regards,\nPaul Horner\nTel: 480-828-0740\nnetskrillsupport@gmail.com\nBACKGROUND FACTS\nA. About Paul Horner\nPaul Horner is a political satirist, writer, stand up comedian and founder of a charity that gives socks to the homeless called sockitforward.com. See Exhibit 10 and Exhibit 14.\nLinks to interview and info about Sock It Forward:\nhttp://ktar.com/player/?a=318283\nhttp://ktar.com/story/853803/faith-in-humanity-group-passes-out-socks-to-phoenix-homeless/\nThe NY Post calls Paul Horner an online jokester in reference to an article that was published on foxnews.com.co. See Exhibit 11.\nhttp://nypost.com/2016/01/20/someone-convinced-the-internet-that-bill-murray-is-running-for-president/\nWhat Wikipedia says about Paul Horner writing for the parody website NationalReport.net:\nPaul Horner was the publications lead writer, his employment began shortly after National Report went online. Horner is an Internet news satirist and article writer for numerous online satirical news sites. See Exhibit 12.\nSnopes says, Paul Horner, the prolific writer and ubiquitous satirical character who inserts his name into all his articles.\nhttp://www.snopes.com/2016/01/14/fake-news-sites/\nThe Washington Post calls Paul Horner, The Internets most prolific hoax artist.\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2014/10/21/this-is-not-an-interview-with-banksy/\nInternational Business Times says, Paul Horner, the worlds biggest penis and the everyman of Internet hoax history. See Exhibit 15.\nhttp://www.ibtimes.co.uk/banksy-arrested-paul-horner-worlds-biggest-penis-everyman-internet-hoax-history-1470892\nMaxim Magazine says Paul Horners sites are satirical and just like International Business Times, agrees that he does in fact have the biggest penis the world. See Exhibit 16.\nhttp://www.maxim.com/entertainment/yelp-south-park-hoax-2015-10\nRed State is just one of the many, many sites on the Internet that say Paul Horners news sites are satire. See Exhibit 17.\nhttp://www.redstate.com/streiff/2016/03/26/corey-lewandowski-ann-coulter-punked-satire-web-site/\nB. About FoxNews.com.co\nFoxNews.com.co is a parody website.\nThe Respondent has six other parody news sites. The Respondent uses FoxNews.com.co to post articles that would be absolutely ridiculous for the real FoxNews.com to publish. The articles on FoxNews.com.co mock Fox News, making the articles & website all that more hilarious, satirical and parody.\nSince being registered only back on 1/13/16, FoxNews.com.co cannot be judged for its lack of content since the site is so new and the Respondent is the only author.\nBesides the Respondents few articles, the rest of the site is just the theme which came default, filled with pages and posts in Latin (also default). Proving the point that foxnews.com.co is just ridiculous and parody, and no one, after viewing those pages in Latin would believe this is owned by a multi-billion dollar company such as Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.\nThe popular online website Reddit.com classifies articles posted by foxnews.com.co as satire. See Exhibit 19.\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/4bs6qn/christian_antimasturbation_mascot_arrested_for/\nRespondents articles are written in English, or Latin on pages that came with the theme of the website as default, and the .com.co extension is from Columbia. In addition to that, according to Snopes.com, if a domain name ends with a .com.co extension at the end, it is a parody website.\nRespondents disclaimer that is at the bottom of every page is parody. It claims that Fox News is proudly owned by Dr. Paul Horner. The complaint phone number listed, that the site encourages people to call, is for the Westboro Baptist Church. It also talks about treating those seeking help for self-rape and to get off the Devils playground with the assistance of an anti-masturbation dolphin named Fappy. See Exhibit 8.\nBecause of this, the entire site is clearly satire and covered under fair use parody laws.\n1. Respondents SUPPOSED Infringing Activities and Bad-Faith Acts with FoxNews.com.de\nRespondent responded to Complainants request to transfer the name on 8/5/15. See Exhibit 18.\nThe Complainant did not respond to the email, instead they went directly to the Registrar and took the name by force; this was told to the Respondent by 101domains.com. Fox took the domain name foxnews.com.de without permission from the Respondent. Just like FoxNews.com.co, FoxNews.com.de had content that was made up entirely of parody and satire.\n2. Complainant claims that the Respondent seeks to financially benefit from foxnews.com.co by offering to sell the Domain Name for $699 on the domain-marketplace website Sedo\nSedo listed my domain name for sale without my permission. I have never offered to sell foxnews.com.co and have no intentions to sell it in the future, with Sedo or anyone else. In fact, this problem with Sedo is so common that they list this information on their website as a common question:\nWhy do I see my domain listed for sale on Sedo when I have not listed it for sale?\nhttps://sedo-us1.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2282/~/why-do-i-see-my-domain-listed-for-sale-on-sedo-when-i-have-not-listed-it-for\nI used their form to have foxnews.com.co removed from their website. See Exhibit 4.\nI received a reference number #160331-001745. See Exhibit 5.\nI also received email confirmation. See Exhibit 6.\nOn March 31st, 2016 I received email confirmation that their unauthorized listing for the sale of my domain name will be removed within 24 hours. See Exhibit 7.\nFollowing up on March 3rd, 2016: A quick check of the page that Sedo previously had my domain name listed for sale is no longer there. Their unauthorized attempt at selling my domain name without my permission has been removed. See Exhibit 9.\n3. FoxNews.com.co is protected under fair use of copyrighted works and parody laws\nParody: An imitation of the style of a particular writer, artist, or genre with deliberate exaggeration for comic effect.\nFox News and their trademark is for:\nENTERTAINMENT SERVICES IN THE NATURE OF TELEVISION NEWS PROGRAMMING. See Exhibit 21.\nFoxNews.com.co is an online website with articles that are satirical, mocking Fox News using parody.\nThe fair use of copyrighted works for purposes such as criticism or comment is not an infringement of copyright.\nThe idea of fair use reflects copyright laws careful consideration of First Amendment principles, as fair use permits later authors to use a previous authors copyright to introduce new ideas or concepts to the public.\nPrevious domain name and court cases won over parody:\n1. CFA Properties, Inc. v. Domains By Proxy, LLC and John Selvig Case No. D2012-1618\n2. Beck v. Eiland-Hall\n3. See eg, Elsmere Music, Inc v. National Broadcasting Co., 482 F. Supp. 741, 747 (S.D.N.Y. 1980), affd, 623 F.2d 252 (2d Cir. 1980) (finding Saturday Night Lives use of I Love Sodom to be protected parody of I Love New York).\n4. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. wallmartcanadasucks.com and Kenneth J. Harvey Case No. D2000-1104\nIn the case of Fox News Network, LLC, v. Penguin Group (USA), Inc., and Alan S. Franken, Judge Chin said the case was an easy one (siding for Franken), and chided Fox for bringing its complaint to court. The judge said, Of course, it is ironic that a media company that should be fighting for the First Amendment is trying to undermine it.\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fox_v._Franken\n4. The stories published on FoxNews.com.co are not confusing to stories FoxNews.com would publish\nThe Respondent believes that Fox and its website FoxNews.com are pure evil. It is the Respondents opinion that they are the absolute definition of dumbing down the human race, accepting the idea to not question authority, religion, a police state, spreading hate and ignorance and the worse thing that has happened to mankind since the Bubonic plague. Respondents website FoxNews.com.co mocks this evil incarnate with parody.\nThe Respondent has only owned foxnews.com.co since 1/13/16, and in that time has published articles showing proof that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, how Fox News is NOT fair and balanced as they claim, and other stories Fox News would never publish. FoxNews.com.co cannot be judged for its lack of content since the the site is so new and the Respondent is the only author.\nFor April Fools day:\nhttp://foxnews.com.co/fox-fair-balanced-source-news/\nThe Unmasking: Ted Cruz is Definitely the Zodiac Killer\nhttp://foxnews.com.co/the-unmasking-ted-cruz-is-definitely-the-zodiac-killer/\nChristian Anti-Masturbation Mascot Arrested For Public Masturbation\nhttp://foxnews.com.co/christian-anti-masturbation-mascot-arrested-public-masturbation/\n5. Anything that was done with a federal court and two UDRP Panelists in the past has nothing to do with this case.\nThe Complainant argues that things the Respondent did 15+ years ago with Amazon and Microsoft are somehow relevant to this case.\nThis case is about the rights that fall under fair use parody laws. Those cases the Complainant includes in their filing has nothing to do with parody laws. With that being said, everything they say about the Respondent, those two UDRP decisions and a court ruling in federal court are irrelevant.\n6. Fox News is commonly mocked and parodied\nAs owner of foxnews.com.co, Respondent is not the first to be a part of a much larger group that mocks Fox News with parody for its lack of fact-checking, mixing politics and religion, its far right-wing agenda etc.\nIn fact, back in October of 2013, Fox News aired a story on Live television that was written by the Respondent while writing for the parody website NationalReport.net. The story was about President Barack Obama using his own money to keep a Muslim museum open during the government shutdown.\nFox Falls For Fake Story About Obama Personally Funding Muslim Museum During Shutdown\nhttp://mediamatters.org/blog/2013/10/05/fox-falls-for-fake-story-about-obama-personally/196304\nJimmy Kimmel lampoons Fox News for falling for Muslim museum hoax\nhttp://www.rawstory.com/2013/10/kimmel-lampoons-fox-news-for-falling-for-muslim-museum-hoax/\nFox has a history of passing off satirical stories as actual news:\nhttp://mediamatters.org/blog/2011/11/01/fox-falls-for-fake-occupy-protester-quote-from/182992\nhttp://mediamatters.org/research/2008/06/06/gullible-fox-amp-friends-escape-lawsuit-for-rep/143677\nhttp://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2015/feb/26/fact-checks-behind-daily-shows-50-fox-news-lies/\nIf the websites mentioned above are not to your liking, a simple Google search of Fox News Lies, Faux News or Fox News sucks will provide hundreds of other articles and websites.\n7. Digital Privacy Corporation\nThe Complainant says the Respondent is associated with the Digital Privacy Corporation. This is the private registration that is used by 101domains.com, the company foxnews.com.co was purchased through. The Respondent has no options when it comes to private registration when buying domain names through 101domains.com.The Respondent only mentions this fact if this somehow has anything to do with the decision made by the National Arbitration Forum and the panelist deciding this case. See Exhibit 20.\nCERTIFICATION\nRespondent certifies that the information contained in this response is to the best of the Respondents knowledge.\nREMEDIES AND REQUESTED RELIEF\nRespondent requests that the domain name FOXNEWS.COM.CO not be transferred to Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and the Respondent continues ownership.\nRespectfully Submitted,\nPaul Horner", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-04-04T04:27:03-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "RESPONSE BY PAUL HORNER - To: Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, Complainant & National Arbitration Forum - From: Private Registrant / Respondent / Paul Horner - Date: April 4, 2016 - Re: Domain name FOXNEWS.COM.CO"}
{"title": "SpringFest One Fashion Show at the University of Michigan - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/springfest-one-fashion-show-at-the-university-of-michigan/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2016-01-19T13:45:46-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Game of Hacks \u2013 See How Good You Are - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/game-of-hacks-see-how-good-you-are/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Gadgets", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Moogle Corp: Company you might be working for - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/moogle-corp-company-you-might-be-working-for/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "World's Biggest Starbucks Opening In Phoenix AZ: Roller Coaster, Underground Water Slide & Robot Baristas - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/biggest-starbucks-in-the-world-phoenix-az/", "text": "PHOENIX, A.Z. (AP)  The worlds biggest Starbucks will be opening in downtown Phoenix, Arizona this November. The new Starbucks will also be the largest coffee shop in the world, seating up to 2,155 patrons, vastly surpassing the Al Masaa Caf in Saudi Arabia which can seat up to 1,050 customers at one time.\nThis new Starbucks will be the best place to be on the planet! Paul Horner, a spokesman for Starbucks told ABC News. Its gonna have it all! Rides, games, robot baristas and every type of coffee imaginable. This will not be your average coffee shop to get a cup of joe, this will be a life changing experience. If youre not here, youre not anywhere.\nThe three story, 51,000 square foot building, appropriately dubbed Magnum (Magnum means big in Latin), will be host to numerous games, rides and more coffee than humanly imaginable.\nOn the Starbucks information page for Magnum, the company says the establishment will include the following:\nIm so happy that more commercialized coffee franchises like Starbucks are moving into the area. Spots like Jobot, Lola and Songbird are just frequented by too many free-thinkers, says 39-year-old local Phoenix resident Phil Freedom. Im also relieved that the Childrens Hospital that was planned for this location is now permanently put on hold; what an eyesore that would have been.\nBiggest Starbucks ever headed to Phoenix, the company said in a tweet today. Also released today in a video on the company website from Starbucks president Tom Downey claiming, Magnum Starbucks will be the Willy Wonka of coffee.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a local charity that provides the Valleys homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke with CNN about the new Starbucks.\nWe need more homeless shelters and places to help those in need, not more corporate establishments. So much artwork and beauty is being lost to these monstrosities its ridiculous. We need to support local businesses and keep these corporate giants out. Bradley continued, Also, thank you to everyone that has supported our cause in giving new socks to the homeless, it means so much. Please, give what you can.\nA Grand Opening is planned for Magnum with the folks from Guinness World Records in attendance should any coffee related records be broken. EMTs and defibrillators will be on hand in case any caffeine related emergencies occur. Prizes include a trip to the Bahamas and a brand new 2016 Honda Civic. Planned events for possible world records include:\nThe new Starbucks will be located at the corner of 7th Avenue and Roosevelt in the trendy downtown arts district of Phoenix. Magnums Grand Opening is scheduled for November 5th, celebrating Paul Horners 38th birthday. Celebrities making an appearance at the Grand Opening are Bill Murray, Quentin Tarantino, Katy Perry and Jennifer Lawrence. A Starbucks pre-Grand Opening party is planned for this Thursday (9/15/16) at 9PM at The Lost Leaf for The Mystery Show in downtown Phoenix. Bill Murray will be making an appearance.\nRobot baristas? Is that the same as the robot employees at the McDonalds on 7st and McDowell?\nHow fun!!\nIm glad this Starbucks is going up. Get rid of all that hippie shitty artwork that you see all over the place there!\nIll take a coffee enema! But only if shes hot though!\nif I burn this Starbucks to the ground, will the underground water slide put it out?\nI cant wait till this opens!!!\nRobot baristas! YES!!!\nThats AWESOME! But I dont think that the Childrens Hospital that was supposed to be built there wouldve been an EYESORE! (Commenting to PHIL FREEDOM in the ABC NEWS article). Im sure that Phx has enough room for both. You apparently dont have any children, or at least I hope that you dont with your attitude toward a Hosp.\nBack to the largest STARBUCKS IN THE WORLD!!! GO FOR IT!! GOOD LUCK with it @ Id love to go back to Phx & visit there one day.\nThat was sarcasm. I dont even think thats a real name.\nStarbucks is still pure evil\nOMG im so excited for this i mean ROBOTS and amusement park / water park / casino / awesomeness i cant even this is taking it to the next level all done starbucks you get 10000000 golden stars.\nWatch out Im all over the Staying up contest without seeing shadow people! Getting soo good at discerning reality through the veil of caffeine-induced insomnia for school lol love Starbs : ) ! !\nI am the owner of this property.  I have done a significant amount of work to make sure the building replacing the car wash will will be a nice addition to the neighborhood.  I have met with most of the associations focused on Downtown Phoenix.  The building is approximately 2000 square feet and is designed to match the neighborhood.  Starbucks may be Corporate but they are the best of the Corporate.  They will provide jobs, benefits for employees and they are socially responsible.   I grew up in Phoenix, in fact the first apartment we lived in back in 1974 was on 3rd and Roosevelt. I still live in central Phoenix.  My wife and I are small time real estate investors  This is the biggest project we have done.   I am happy to meet with anyone who has questions or concerns about the project.  My email is azcashflow@hotmail.com.  My phone number is 480-748-8074.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:00:24-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "PHOENIX, A.Z. (AP) \u2014 The world's biggest Starbucks will be opening in downtown Phoenix, Arizona this November. The new Starbucks will also be the largest coffee shop in the world, seating up to 2,155 patrons, vastly surpassing the Al Masaa Caf\u00e9 in Saudi Arabia which can seat up to 1,050 customers at one time."}
{"title": "A first glimpse at Java 9: Early access release of JDK9 on OpenJDK - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/a-first-glimpse-at-java-9-early-access-release-of-jdk9-on-openjdk/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "President Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Sale Of Assault Weapons - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/obama-signs-executive-order-banning-sale-of-assault-weapons/", "text": "WASHINGTON D.C. (AP)  After last Sundays mass shooting in Orlando, which left 50 Americans dead and 53 wounded, President Obama decided to take unilateral action on gun control by signing Executive Order 17103. The new law bans all sales of assault weapons and places a mandatory 30 day waiting period on all firearm sales, regardless of whether the transaction takes place at a gun dealership or gun show. The requirement also extends to private sales and requires all private firearm sellers to broker the sale through a federally licensed gun dealer. The order requires prospective gun buyers to undergo a psychological evaluation. Individuals who have been committed involuntarily to a mental health institution at any time; those who have been voluntarily committed with the past 5 years; anyone with a domestic violence restraining order, regardless of criminal history; and anyone who has been placed on the no-fly list or terrorist watch list at any time within the past 10 years will not be allowed to purchase or possess firearms.\nPresident Obama was unapologetic in his speech regarding the Executive Order.\nIf we are to truly change things for the better, we must come to grips with the ugly truth that our culture is obsessed with violence in all forms. We must work to quell the rising tide of anti-intellectualism and recommit to educating people of all ages so that they are capable of expressing their thoughts and feelings like civilized adults and not like hapless barbarians. Reforming our gun laws is not a magic bullet, and yes, people will find other ways to kill each other, but by making these killing machines harder to get we can hopefully, at the very least, make it so that not as many people fall victim to these random, senseless acts of deplorable violence. I dont want to take your guns away. I just want to make it harder for the Omar Mateens of the world to kill innocent people. I think we can all agree that if youre deemed too much of a national security threat to fly on an airplane, you shouldnt be able to buy an AR-15. Unfortunately, the Republicans didnt feel this way, and theyve left me with no other choice. If things dont change, and people keep dying as a result of senseless acts of gun violence, Ill have no choice but to order Homeland Security to hunt down every last assault rifle in this country.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with the new gun law.\nThese are common sense gun laws and Republicans are using the Second Amendment as a shield that continues to let innocent people die, Bradley said. Obama is not tryin to take errr guns, hes doing something that shouldve been done a long time ago. If this law would have been in place before, this Orlando shooting would have never happened. This horrible tragedy was about lack of gun control and had nothing to do with terrorism. Omar Mateen had no communication with ISIS and knew very little about them. As more news comes out about the shooter, we are learning he was a closeted homosexual, and because of his religion, he knew this was not allowed. He hated the fact that he was gay and instead of dealing with it like a man, by getting counseling or leaving Islam, he took his problems out violently on others. Bradley continued, I also just want to quickly say thank you to everyone that has donated to our cause! The smiles you are putting on homeless peoples faces is indescribably. A lot of people dont know this fact, but socks are the least donated item at shelters but most desired. Please keep the donations coming regardless if it is $5 or $500, every bit helps so much!\nA group of Donald Trump supporters, known as Bullets First, is planning to protest the signing of the Executive Order by marching on Capitol Hill, and in front of the White House, armed with the controversial AR-15, as well as other military style weapons. The group says that it is prepared to defend the constitution at all costs. The group is calling for Obama to resign and allow the organization  to place him under citizens arrest for treason. The groups leader, 52-year-old Tom Downey, who has two children and another on the way, quit his job as an overnight cashier at the TA truck stop in Sayre, Oklahoma to organize the rally. Downey claims that he has over 100,000 Trump supporters from all over America ready to head to D.C. and take back the country. His common law wife, 23-year-old Tami Hobart, supports his decision wholeheartedly, and while she worries about him getting killed, says that at least she can tell her children that he died standing up for their right to stockpile military grade weapons without getting hassled by an out of control Islamo-communist fascist dictatorship.\nThe group has the backing of right wing shock jock Alex Jones who called on his listeners to bring about the final solution to the Obama question on his radio show this morning and pledged financial and logistical support to the Bullets First protestors. Given this development, it is very likely that the group will not be able to be contained by the Washington D.C. police department alone. ABC News says the Pentagon has confirmed that the government is preparing for a possible military confrontation, though they stressed that this was a worst case scenario.\nDespite the heated emotions over this Executive Order, it is not likely to impact the lives of current gun owners in any meaningful way. Elroy Stevens, an avid deer hunter who spends his weekends out in the woods hunting with friends or shooting clay pigeons at his Father-in-laws ranch in West Texas told ABC News he is not worried about the new gun law.\nIt wont stop someone from being able to buy a handgun for self-defense, Stevens said. It does nothing to address individual states concealed and open carry laws, nor does it limit the number of firearms an individual may own. It does not require the surrender of existing assault weapons, though it does ban all future transfers. This new law makes a minimal effort to keep guns out of the wrong hands.\nAs Obama addressed the crowd, the President told reporters that the country needs more than just common sense gun laws.\nThese new gun laws alone will not fix this problem. There are already numerous guns in circulation, and, moreover, the real issue isnt a gun issue; it is a culture issue. Americans crave television programs that romanticize and fetishize violence. Ignorance is celebrated, while intellectualism is mocked relentlessly. For many gun owners, guns are a tool that must respected and handled with care; for many others, guns are nothing more than an expensive toy. Folks, when this utter disregard for the destructive power of guns is mixed with easy access and a culture that devalues human life, it is a recipe not only for disaster, but for absolute ruin.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the gender reassignment surgery my wife Barbara has always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us. Mikkelson continues, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up any of our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, Id say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.\nWashington political analyst, 37-year-old Paul Horner, who has been in the hospital since early last month after getting into an accident while in Puerto Peasco, Mexico, told ABC News what led up to this assault gun ban on both sides of the party.\nRepublicans are saying the Orlando shooting is about terrorism because the shooter said he did it for ISIS, even though ISIS did not instruct him to do it and never once had any communication with him. Democrats believe that if we had common sense gun laws in place this tragedy would never occurred. They believe that people like Omar Mateen, who was on a terror watch list and had been interviewed by the FBI three times, should not be allowed to buy assault weapons. And with all of this going on, Im just laid up in a hospital bed not able to masturbate.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told reporters he does not agree with Mr. Horners comments about touching himself in a hospital bed.\nI think it is great that Paul Horner is not able to pleasure himself right now. He should be focusing on healing and not playing with his sin stick. I have activated my prayer app and I encourage everyone to prayer for Mr. Horner during these difficult times; Not a full-prayer though, just a half prayer.\nExecutive Order 17103 goes into effect July 1st, 2016. The Obama Administration has setup a hotline for individuals to report those who are not abiding by the new law. To encourage the publics help in cracking down on those who are not following the law, a $500 reward is being offered. The administration urges you to call (785) 273-0325 with any information that you may have, and as always, you can remain anonymous.\nIt was only a matter of time before this faggit loving Muslim took our guns! Impeach this nigger now!!\nIt is people like you that love and support Trump to make America hate again. Why dont you post a picture with you KKK hood?\nPeople like him who supports that know nothing Trump can never say they love this country. These laws are common sense. And that guy heading this with the common law wife? Not married I guess so she can collect welfare! Friggen redneck hicks\nExecutive orders are not laws, sweetheart.\n Those powers, of course, included what are called executive orders, which are orders that come from the office of the president of the United States and have the force of law.\nWhy dont you just continue to kiss this Kenyan usurpers ass?\nWell, we have till July 1st to stock up on guns!\nThe KKK is a Democrat organization.  If you dont believe in the Constitution, you should move out of the country!\nObama administration carried out Orlando attacks.\nHere you are bashing someone for name calling and YOU are name calling and also stereotyping them, the same thing you are accusing that person of doing. GET A MIRROR\nI hate to bust your bubble but the KKK was started by Democrats.  Nice try though.  They also fought to stop the civil rights laws of the 60s.\nYoure such a white trash douche.\nSorry but his executive order is illegal and null and void. He is trying to turn us into a snitch society by providing a ph# to tell on people. What utter nonsense. I will be calling to tell them that Eric holder and Obama are running guns all over the middle east and Mexico. Arrest that asshole who could be called a traitor but hes not a citizen. Hes not a president hes acting like a dictator using the Orlando incident which he organized to take our guns. By the way Democrapers are just as much to blame as the Orlando shooters because they instituted gun free killing zones, The are communist and they did start the KKK with the FBI. Read history!!!!\nI am absolutely amazed at what our weak President has created in our country..You all should step back and listen to yourselves and whats coming out of your mouths..On BOTH sides..\nAre you not aware of the fact that when we have weak leadership, and we are being led down a path to a 3rd world country, its divide and chaos that make mega-powers and mega-money tick..\nhttps://youtu.be/6PzT8vEvYPg  Id like you to take a deep breath, and watch this short video.\nTHIS is our problem..Its not guns, not Trump, and not where you come from in the U.S\nWe need to understand where we are being taken, and if we dont, we are definitely doomed..\nThere has been ample amounts of information circulated everywhere from the people who actually care about writing or doing a video about the truth, and whats really happeningIf everyone here understood, nobody would be at someone elses throat.Please wake up!\nAfter to listening to her opinion and reading the responses to her message it is clear that she is playing the fear card. Dont know where she got her info so I cant take her seriously.\nYou sir are a bonafide idiot. Move to Venezuela where you belong.\nthat is a really hateful comment\nFYI, the KKK would be the Democrats, and hillary loved  BYRD, the Demorat KKK lover!!\nThey are to afraid.  They are scared.  You dont need assault weapons  they were made for the military not regular citizens.  That is what they have preached for 8 years that he wants your weapons  He wants weapons of war off the street.  Obviously, another uneducated knockoff.\nLove it, Dale Richmond!!\nWhat a dumb-shit! The KKK, is a democratic organization. Learn history, so you dont sound so ignorant!\nI know, ignorance is bliss, but really? You are obviously brain-dead.\nThe democrats are the source of all racism, and are responsible for racial segregation. The Republicans are for true equality. We freed the slaves, defeated the Confederates, and stopped segregation.\nLook at the voting history. The democrats are the source of all racism, and they are masters of getting uneducated people like you to vote for them. Even Hitler was able to get Jews to support him. Its really sad how stupid people can be. You are like a cow walking up and sticking your head in the bolt gun, right after seeing the cows in front of you get a bolt in the head.\nGays, Blacks, Muslims. You got them all in one racist rant. You are what is wrong with this country. You should post a picture of yourself in your KKK hood and Make America Great Again Trump sign. Shame on you and what you espouse.\nUsing  the word racist holds no weight!  Racist is a anti white slur (((so fuck off Ken)))\nYoure an idiot. Its people like you who dont understand that America is forever evolving. As should our gun laws.\nThis is GREAT news!\nReal nice\nI agree for sure. Well, at least theres only a few more months before this tyrant is out\nThat tyrant as you call him is one of the best presidents in History. Trump won;t get in . He has your low class racist mentality!\nAnti gun people,tell me 1 gun law that would have stopped this guy from killing!Obama was asked and could not answer that question.Nor could any liberal.All you liberals can do is yell racist.4000 died from the largest terrorist crime ever.NOT 1 gun used!!!!!Muslims did 9/11,a Muslim did San Bernadino & Orlando.Obama is going to start a civil war.But if you had read his books.You would have learned he is the racist!By the way.He does not like American blacks either.Its in his books & look at the shape of the black comunities.And just by reading I can tell every one of you anti gun weak spined liberals have never served in the military!And most of your family too.My family has fought for & died in war for that right to own firearms.NOT 1 person from OBAMAs family has ever served in the military.You people are the saddest piece trash humans on earth.We are not afraid of you anti gun people.You wont fight for your country.So your not going to fight to take guns.We dont need guns to kick your backsides.We wear the pride of our families histories.And before you say it.My family never owned a slave,killed an Indian or kicked a dog.Right now I am ashamed for all those lying in Arlington Cemetary.You are spitting on their graves by taking this right.I hope you or your children will grow a spine.We who have served will not send our children to save crap like you anti gun,anti rights people!\nYou sir, are an idiot.\nWell said ! The many well educated , well spoken , anti -gun Obama believers will be the first ones running scared for cover as their expensive homes , cars , wives and children look to them for help and they are CLUELESS !!!??? What will they do ??? Call police ?? They wont be there ; call private security ; NOPE; not there either ; what then ??? Maybe then as they see their children killed , wives raped, and killed homes taken their Ivy leAgue education will not come into play then , nor will their Mercedes, country club , so the REAL AMERICANS YOU SHUN , who serve in the military , who buy guns for pleasure or protection ; I WILL NOT EXPEND ONE BULLET TO SAVE YOUR LIFE , for I will be saving TRUE AMERICAN LIVES , not ones that made mockery of  redneck  country uneducated no nothing -uneducated TRUMP SUPPORTERS !!\nYou write like a child, you think like a child and you research like a child.  You believe any idiocy you read that comports with your pre-existing beliefs, and ignore facts that dont.\nYou are a child.\nLearning how to add an s to pluralize a word is a first grade skill; as is adding a space after the period at the end of a sentence.\nIf you need an assault rifle, you need mental help.\nThank you for standing up for our Constitutional rights which have been savages under this administration.\nYou mentally-ill trashbucket.  The borders are broken, the MIddle East is on fire, and now Europe is being overrun by Syrian garbage.  20 million people have LOST healthcare, the economy is tanked, 93 million people are out of the workforce, and ISIS is building an army in America.  You need to be in GITMO on medication, you bastard.\nBet you think Hitler was a great humanitarian too\nWhat planet are you from?  All of you that are against guns  of any type  being owned by an American citizen will be the first to go running for help from your armed neighbor the second someone does something to you or someone you love.  I dont give a rats rotted tail what you or others like you think.  You mean nothing to me are are the same type of vermin that the POS in OUR White House is.  Id love to see him try something.  Hell find out that this is OUR country and NOT his.\nDonald Trump 2016!\nTHIS IS THE MOST CORRUPT PRESIDENT IN HISTORYHE HAS LIED TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FROM DAY ONEOUR MAN TRUMP WILL UNDO ALL OFF HIS UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS HE HAS SIGNED I WITH HIS PENTRUMP 2016 WILL PUT AMERICA FIRST AND MAKE HER GREAT AGAINIF WE THE PEOPLE HAVE KNOWN HE WAS A MUSLIM WOULD NEVER BECAME PRSIDENT AT ALLWE HAVE A RIGHT TO PROTECT OUR FAMILYS ALL THE SHOOTING ARE FROM HIS OR FROM RADICAL ISLAM TERRORISTS IN THE FIRST PLACE4 DIED THEY ALL LIEDHE HAS COMMITTED TREAON TO OUR CONSTITUTION AND BILL OF RIGHTSOUR MILITARY NEEDS TO ARREST THIS FAKE OF A HUMAN BEING.GO LIVE IN THE MIDDLE EAST WITH YOUR MOOCHELLE AND UR SORRY KIDS WE THE PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGHTRUMP 2015\nMike you need to stop with the Kool Aid. Worst President in the History of America, that would be OBAMA.\nTrump is the man. He will get elected and throw out the trash in Washington D.C.\nsorry but the muslimes are the enemy and the leftie loonies are there partners all should be either killed or deported !!!!!! Then there home countries nuked. Obumer is a lying muslime traitor nothing he has done helps our countrie !!!!!!\nWe must impeach Obama now!!!\nYour veteran child would be ashamed of you. Back under your rock, troglodyte!\nYou mean Trumplodyte, dont you. But, I guess they are one in the same.\nHe uis not a Muslim, stop repeating that lie. And i respect him for have the backbone other lawmakers havent got the balls to do. Stand up to the NRA! And he has the right as president to sign executive orders. You need ot get over it already you racist pig!\nWhich NRA member is it that has committed a mass shooting EVER?\nExactly!\nScrew the second amendment right. Without that you wouldnt have any rights. Oh I forgot, that the founders of this country used forks to fight off a tyrannical government.\nYou seem nice.\nYou and people like are exactly what is wrong with this country, and why we will never progress as a society while your disgusting ideals still infect this population.\nYou dumb redneck\nDonald Snyder, how sad an existence you must lead.  I pity you.  You should be ashamed of yourself.\nYou stupid bigot!\nNo ons hurt by your use of the term nigger. ?????\n*ones\nHey you know what? Youre upset because he is making idiots like you responsible?\nHow about you go home, fuck your mother some more, smoke your meth, spend your food stamps, and fuck your dog some more you idiot.\nDonald, your life must suck! So much hate and ignorance. I bet youre a church-going Christian too\nSigh. *Faggot.\nI think you need to learn what impeachment actually is.\nDonald Snyder, you crotchety, ignorant, old bigot!\nLook at this moron who cant even spell, why would anyone listen to anything this wife-beating mouth-breather has to say? Pay it no mind, itll slink back into its Mothers basement.\nSo happy to see you are in support of OUR PRESIDENT!!!!\nWe dont have a president.  We have a traitorous puppet.\nAre you THAT stupid to think you can impeach Obama over this?\nYour disrespect is disgusting you moron!\nRespect is earned, not just freely given.\nDelete your life.\nNO ONE IS TAKING AWAY YOUR GUNS!  ANYONE CAN OWN A GUN, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF ASSAULT WEAPONS FOR TERRORISTS, HOME-GROWN OR INTERNATIONAL, MENTALLY DEFICIENT.  THE WAITING PERIOD WOULD DETER MASSACRES AND KILLINGS THAT HURT SO MANY INNOCENT PEOPLE\nOlga, it wouldnt have stopped this massacre. He worked for the government! He was already checked and approved to hold a weapon by your government! Do you actually even know what an assault weapon is? Revolvers can be assault weapons. A freaking low class revolver.\nUm, your comment is enough\nPlease do take an airborne fornication to yourself and obey the law.  Either that or help clean up our country by committing suicide immediately!\nDonald Snyder June 18, 2016 at 1:37 am\nIt was only a matter of time before this faggit loving Muslim took our guns! Impeach this nigger now!!\nI feel sorry for you. You have one life to live and youre going to spend it as a racist, fearful schmuck.\nUnsure which of your personalities is worst: racist nitwit, homophobic idiot, or gun-sucking swine.  Rise up, please, so Americans can more easily spot you and know your ilk.\nYou can still buy all the guns you want, Donald, but they wont make your micro-penis any bigger.\nCrawl back under your bridge troll.\nYou sir are truly an idiot.\nTake your faggot guns home and shove them where the sun dont shine.\nI wonder how many teeth your redneck mouth has. What a shame your children must feel when you show up and they have to call you, Dad. I feel sorry for them.\nWhat is a faggit lol ?  Trump supporters always crack me up. I hope his mother tied his shoe laces .\nYou dont deserve to breathe American air.\nWhy are you still here? Deport yourself.\nDonald, this United States Marine Combat Veteran wants you to bring your naz I putin lovin azz to Pendleton so I can bury my fist down your puss throat.  We Marines realize you DO your mother and children; however, we will take care of you nicely.  You just dont talk about our President of the United States like you just did, punk boy, that is called SEDITION.  When you call the President of the United States of America the N Word, you must PAY.  Punk boy, we will find you.  You cannot and will not call our President of the USA the N word and Get Away With It.  We will track you down Russian Terrorist Boy.  Combat Marines for Justice!!  And that is what we are going to get!!!!!!\nDonald Trump for President!\nIf youre going to call someone the F word, at least make sure you spell it right!  Its not an i but an o dumbass!\nHows fuckin your sister working out for you?\nYou f@%&in dumb ass..\nDonald Snyder and his ilk = the soon to be distant past.\nYou racist pieces of crap!\nAre you gun fanatics deaf,dumb and blind? After seeing and hearing what happened in Orlando,Sandy Hook,San Bernardino, and other mass shootings you knuckleheads still dont get it.The federal government is NOT TRYING TO TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY IDIOTS! Educate yourself,broaden your minds so that you dont post STUPID comments like this and embarrass yourselves everytime you open your mouths. LORD HAVE MERCY ON US!\nSandy Hook has been PROVEN to be FAKE !!!\nReally?  Ok  show me where.  Proof please.  How stupid can you possibly be?\nYou people are idiots\nRelax, bigot\nYou a racist, homophobic idiot, dumbass.\nYou are perfect example of low information, poorly educated idiot that votes for a bigoted, spiteful, childish, ignorant, misogynistic 3rd rate reality show host to be president.\nYour comments are offensive an disgusting ..I am an African American..\nIm gay for Donald Trump!\nHe seriously believes this will stop the bad guys from purchasing these weapons???  Dumber than I EVER thought.  Second Amendment be damned???\nDoes he REALLY think this will keep the bad guys from getting these weapons???  Goodbye second amendment!\nI dont appreciate your name calling but it does only make you look stupid so go ahead I guess. I do agree with your thought though. This Muslim does need to be dragged out of the country.\nracist, asshole Trump supporter\nDonald, what lovely racist, sociopathic sympathies you have.\nExecutive orders ARE NOT law. Congress makes laws, not a would-be dictator! Ignore them!\nfuck you\nF*ck you and the horse your bitch mother rode in on.\nYoure one scary person.  Hating eats at your guts.  Mark my word, if your health is not already going to hell, it soon will be with this kind of hate.  What makes you think you are better than LGBT people, Muslims and African American people?  With your hate, you degrade yourself to the level of the devil.\nWell if you would read what OUR president had to say about this, that is IF you are literate, youd know that unless you have assault weapons you have nothing to fear.  Ignorance is bliss, especially when its born of propaganda put out by people who only want to use the people who believe their propaganda.\nThis isnt a real story, heck, it isnt even ABCs website. You guys are all nuts!\nHe is trying to get his last licks in before his ass is pushed out of the White House. He needs to be indicted, tried and put in jail.\nYou are the greatest example of what is wrong with America today  if your mother is not   you I know ashamed of you then for sure Jesus will be? What  a total dickhead you are!\nIts time for rebellion.\nAbout time some common sense gun laws were put in place! This will save lives and keep guns nuts from freaking out. Bravo Mr. President!\nCalifornia laws are much tougher than this but didnt save anyone in San Bernardino.  Or in all the criminal shootings who used illegal guns.\nIts a START.shall we sit back and do NOTHING???????\nNo.  You should arm yourself and stop being a nanny state boot licker.  http://www.universalgunownership.net/economic-development/\nNo Ms. Berg it is not a start. You are Lumping Legal Gun Owners with the Criminals. These Mass Killings were done by Terrorists or the Mentally Ill. Mateen was interviewed 3 times by the FBI. Clinton is the one ordering his release.\nMurders today are being Committed by Criminal Thugs from the inner cities, Chicago, Okland, New Orleans, Memphis, and other States. If Black Lives Matter they should be in the communities helping bring these Murders under control. Talking to these young people about life.\nIt is not the Gun that Killed these people, it is the person behind the Gun who pulled the Trigger. So you want the AR-15 Non Assault Rifles Banned. They are not Assault Rifles, this is how Ignorant The Obama Administration is. We now are Banning Assualt Rifles with an Executive Order.\nObama needs to an Executive Order to ban all Vehicle Sales because Vehiches cause Deaths in DUIs. Now Ms. Berg you are saying the Vehicle did not Kill those People, the Drunk Driver did. You see the Vehicle and Gun are the Same. It is the Individual who pulls the Trigger, or Gets behind the Wheel Drunk and Drives.\nTHE FIRST MUSLIM PRESIDENT DIDNT GET WHAT HE WANTS TO TAKE OUR GUNS AWAYHEPLANS TO PUT IN MOTION MARTIAL LAW TO STAY IN POWER TO DESTROY WHATS LEFT OF THE UNITED STATESHE WANTS RID OF OUR CONSTITUTION AND BILL OF RIGHTS TO PUT IN SHARIA LAW BUT NOT GONNA HAPPENTHE SLEEPING GIANT IS AWAKE AND MAD AS HELLDONAL J TRUMP THE NEXT PRESIDENT OF THE U.S.A.TO GET RID OF HIS UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS AND P.C. WILL JUST BE A MEMORYGOD IS BLESSING AMERICA AGAIN.\nSince 1950 all mass shootings in public have happened in gun free zones. How about for a start we get rid of those? How about for a start we ban all Muslims from buying guns and see how Obama likes that idea? How about for a start we check fbi gun statistics and see gun violence is declining not rising except in gun free zones..\nCalifornia is not an island.  It has roads leading to and going out of it.  Your argument operates like California is in a vacuum or bubble.  Same with your often cited Chicago.  If other states are lax with their gun laws,  there is nothing preventing criminals from buying guns there and bringing it into California or Chicago.\nEnough with the intellectually dishonest arguments.\nIs funny how people always use the term Common Sense. Unannounced raids on people houses is common sense? California has some of the strictest laws in the country, including waiting periods, and we have has several shootings. Hows that common sense working out?\nShut your festering piehole.  Gun regulation will NEVER stop Islamofascists from getting guns.  When are they going to start raiding inner-city Chicago?  WHEN will THAT happen?  Never.  Because thats where your idiot Kenyan president learned Communism 101.\nYou know you are kidding yourself by thinking that any prohibition of anything works.  We have been fighting this war for decades and its worse now than ever.  Guns are simply machines, not unlike the millions of others.  These laws only hurt the lawful and make the unlawful laugh.  When will you ever learn that you cannot make laws to make people good.  What you can do is put God back into schools, government, hold parents accountable (both if you can find them), take entitlement out of the picture so people understand the value of a dollar.  That is where you can help folksnot these stupid laws.\nCan I still buy a tank?\nYes I dont think he banned tanks.\nJews! JEWS! LIBERALS! (((COINCIDENCE!!!)))\nAnus your name fits you! And you are racist too.\nThank God for the Jews and Liberals We appreciate President Obama.\nIll give you my gun when you take it from my cold, dead hands.\nHes not taking your gun.. read the article. Educate yourself.\nPresident Obama promises large scale Homeland Security raids if gun violence does not subside\nInteresting. I did read the first bullet pointdid you?\nThats one way.\nlol\nSure thing, John Wayne.\nsure why not. Thankyou for offering.\nNobody is taking your gun, you idiot.  Read the article before you start spouting.\nCan you think of anything else to say besides quoting Charleton Heston?\nHe doesnt even know what an assault rifle is.  Or if he does, he is counting on the ignorance of a majority.  His only agenda is taking away all guns eventually, not worrying about who gets shot, as long as it isnt one of his Muslim buddies\nIn 7and a half years he hasnt  taken your f@%&in guns yet. Oh, all you clowns think hes  gonna declare Martial Law  and throw out the elections.  Watching  too many old X-Files, girl !\nRelax, jeez\nMilitary grade weapons. Weapons intended to do nothing but kill people quickly and accurately in acts of war. Weapons that most mass murders prefer to have.\nCivilians shouldnt have them. So many veterans, military officials, and even the creator the of AR-15 has said so.\nI hate this argument because its just another pitiful excuse to try and allow mass murders to have any weapon they choose.\nStop being selfish and think of the millions of lives that are lost on a daily basis due to mass shootings.\nFor every good guy with a gun that stops a bad guy with a gun there are 35 murders with a gun and 75 suicides with a gun.\nIt may not stop all of the shootings and deaths, but it can stop a lot of them.\nPlus its hell of a lot better than sitting back and doing nothing but watching people die, like you think we should do. To do nothing is to side with terrorists and murderers and I cannot in full conscious do that.\nSo what, I am building up a new AR-15 this weekend.  The parts are still legal to buy and I have stocked up on them.\nWell once its built it will be illegal and now the FBI will know. Dipshit ahaha\nHis Armalite Rifle 15 will be illegal?  I could have sworn the title of this article was Obama Signs Executive Order Banning Sale of ASSAULT Weapons.\nYou do realize that the AR-15 is not an Assault Rifle, yes?  Do you know what it is that defines a weapon as an assault weapon?  Select fire.  Do you know what rifle is not capable of select fire?  An AR-15.\nIve always wanted to get to use this line unironically, so here goes: Educate yourself!\nIt wont be illegal Jake. At least not yet. For now his executive order bans the sale of, not the possession. Of course he can always change his mind and dictate some new order banning what ever he deems will progress his political advantage.\n First they came for the socialists, but I said nothing because I wasnt a socialist..\nhahahahahaha you pathetic anti gun, pussy, losers.\nActually according to the text of the article as describing the executive order  building you gun from parts is not making a sale of one so it is not illegal  try paying attention to what is written.\nEven stricter laws than this already exist in California.  It didnt stop the San Bernardino terrorists one bit.\nSince Obama is not going after Jihadists, all he is doing is disarming Americans to make it easier for Jihadists to kill us.\nIs that why he has sent as many troops as hes allowed without an authorization from Congress. Unlike the GOP in Congress, hes at least done something to stop ISIS. Congress has constantly refused to vote for authorization to put boots on the ground. They dont want to risk losing votes. So really its the Republicans who cry constantly hypocritical tears over terrorism that refuses to do anything. Without a law in place refusing the sales of assault weapons to people on the terror list there was nothing that could have stopped Orlando. All the pretty speeches the GOP wants to make doesnt change that fact. Theyre not serious about the war on terror and they havent been in a long time.\nIf stricter laws already exist in California how did the San Bernardino couple purchase the guns just prior to the shootings?  Just curious.\nExactlyCan you say, Treason! Sure you can!\nIt is an assault weapon no matter what your silly technical definition is. It is a weapon meant to kill large numbers of people quickly  as in an assault.\nIt is also a defense weapon as well. Educate yourself. Or just let the left make us slaves.\nYep and if any of Obamas buddies try coming onto my property or hurt someone I love, that is exactly what will happen.\nDont be stupid. A revolver with 10 rounds is considered an assault weapon. It has nothing to do with being able to kill large numbers of people quickly. Educate yourself dumbass. Did you get that? Revolvers are assault weapons. So far down the scale its bundled with a derringer when getting your concealed carry license and blocks you from conceal carrying a semi automatic such as a Glock 9mm pistol like police officers use.\nIdiots! Idiots everywhere! Youre not allowed to have an opinion unless youre willing to educate yourself in that tooic. Otherwise your opinion is shit and worthless.\nYou idiots oughta be focusing less on automatic weapons, and more on the message of Fappy, the anti-masturbation dolphin. All yall mofos got hairy palms\nIts not an assault rifle.  An AR-15 is a semi-automatic rifle. The M-16 and succeeding generations have a selector switch that can manually switched between safe, semi-auto and, auto burst. The AR-15 selector switch just goes to safe and fire. Therefore it is not an assault rifle.\nSince Obama is not going after Jihadists, all he is doing is disarming Americans to make it easier for Jihadists to kill us.\nGood to see the racist xenophobic misogynistic knuckle dragging neanderthals swimming in hate this afternoon.\nAmen to that. Evolution will weed them out. They have no idea how embarrassed civilized people are of them. They make this country a joke around the world. These idiots want assault rifles to protect themselves from International terrorists, show me an example of when thats happened ever.. unless they are Native American 100% they come from immigrants as well. So much blind hate. So many people calling our president Muslim when he isnt LOL. Its so sad when you have to lie and fabricate things just to find reasons to be angry with someone that has been so successful.\nWhere have you been living ? Or is this Omars wife????\nYoure kidding, right?  Native American, whom I have a great love for, also immigrated to this land.  Granted it was long before Europeans and others, but they too, are descended from immigrants.  And yes, Ask Me, Obama IS a Muslim.  Its people like him and you, his faithful disciples, that have made this country a joke.  Its so sad, when people like you, have to lie and fabricate things in order to justify your liberal beliefs because you believe only YOU are right.\nMaybe we can get all those who are hard left and right to duke it out and leave the rest of us to figure it out! This President has had his hands tied behind his back since the day he took office. Regardless, I think he will go down in history as one of our most effective Presidents. Do any of you remember what state our country was in when he took office after the GWBush Presidency? Give me a break!\nThese are of course the same people who dont trust those liberal colleges, so they have no education beyond a GED. They eat and drink like shit, so theyre fat, they have high blood pressure and cholesterol, and diabetes. So they will end up too stupid to qualify for smart jobs in the new American economy (as manufacturing jobs continue to go to where labor is cheap). And theyll go on disability after their second heart attack, or after diabetes takes their kidneys. And then theyll be on OUR tax dole. But hey, theyll have their guns! But no insight. So the irony of the outcome will be lost on them.\nIm a liberal, Im fat, Im on disability.  But then, the being fat came after becoming disabled and living in blinding pain 20 hours day.  And if you think there arent dumb fucking liberals, then you havent been paying attention to the idiot anti vaccers and morons who are saying how great homeopathic medicine is.  As well as the liberals who think Muslims are a race and Islamophobia is when someone criticize a religion, when the religion is Islam, as the same people calling others Islamophobes write article after article criticizing Christianity.\nI hate to point it out to you, but there are just as many left leaning idiots as there are right.  The only difference right now is the Democratic party doesnt elect the true lunatics, but that is changing.  As the left becomes ever more enamored with its own bullshit they are becoming as crazy as the right, and you are a good example of that, piling up bullshit after bullshit statement and thinking its fact when its just your opinion.\nThe plural of anecdote is not evidence.\nGood job Obama!\nImpeach this evil Muslim!!\nThank you, President Obama for this brave action.  This will go down as your most important and memorable achievement. I love you for this.\nIm a huge buzzkill, but I sure love to get my Trump on!\nFappy for President!\nYou guys all know this is pretty amazing, right? Way to go Obama!\nI dont like this one bit!\nIts a spoof.\nThe give-away is in the jokey bits.\nWay to go on the all-out war against our president, guys.\nget used to it or die trying\nIt was only a matter of time before he took our guns. Impeach now!\nHe is taking away your right to purchase in the future. Not illegal. You can keep the guns you have.\nThis is great news!\nThe Orlando shooting was about guns and not terrorism and would have been prevented if this law would have been in place then\nHow not about terrorism..the scuzlim and his scuzlim bitch were casing downtown Disney to attack.that is proof is was terrorism. How would this law in place have changed anythingthe scuzlim was not on the watch listthe problem is why was his Taliban sperm donor allowed here to release his spawn.\nDonald Trump for President! Get this racist Muslim out of office!!\nDonald Trump is the most racist man ever.  Obama however is hell bent on taking the 2nd Amendment off the Bill of Rights permanently.\nYall know that this is the greatest thing Obama has done in his entire presidency, dontcha?\nObama is not a muslim. if he were I wouldnt have a problem with it.That wouldnt beagaisnt the law if he were muslim. but He is Chjistian.http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/aug/26/18-percent-american-public/obama-muslim-no-hes-not-evidence-has-not-changed/\nThe hate and ignorance in this comment section is heartbreaking.\nWelcome to Idiocracy!\nObama is not a muslim. if he were I wouldnt have a problem with it.That wouldnt be against the law if he were muslim. but He is Chistian.\nhttp://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/aug/26/18-percent-american-public/obama-muslim-no-hes-not-evidence-has-not-changed/\nhttp://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/aug/26/18-percent-american-public/obama-muslim-no-hes-not-evidence-has-not-changed/\nObama is not  muslim. check it out fact checker!\nHe said himself that he would stand with the Muslims if the political winds shift That would be like President Roosevelt saying he would stand with the Nazis if we went to war! Here, straight from his own mouth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYWeK4w3PKk\nIf you walk like a duck, quake like a duck you are a duck\nThank you Mr. President, I like your style. The Republicans have brought this upon themselves for sleeping with the NRA! You deserve the Nobel Peace Prize just for this action alone!\nFor  all you morons  screaming my guns, my guns, read the article, its just about assault weapons and adding common sense gun control laws. Chill out weirdos\nTrump is a secret Muslim!\nLarry, its not a secret to those of us with functioning brain cells.\nComing from San Francisco and NYC, I can see how you hick-townie, cousin-fucking, snaggle tooth redneck racist low-life scum of the Earth would have a problem with a president that has done more for this country than any president since JFK and FDR.  Of course you wouldnt know American history because youre too busy milking unemployment benefits to pay for your pathetic bake sales at every hate mongering congregation that you call church.  Its 2016, the bible doesnt lay the law here.  The Constitution does.  Cant wait for this generation of disgusting assholes to pass away, America has always been great.  It would be even greater if we didnt have such a close-minded and uneducated population.  Bye haters!  Hope you rot in hell.\nLiberal tolerance for the win\nWell let me start off bye saying,\n  To all of the dip shits yelling nigger and Jew , pull your heads out of your asses.\n  To those who think that this executive order would do  anything to keep( anyone )safer, the only people that would be safer are the government officials who are eventually seeking to impose marital law. Criminals by their very nature of their name do not abide by laws, laws are for those who obey them i.e. law abiding citizens.\n The (People) read that as all people, have a Right, not granted to them by a government, but an unalienable right that is( ours) to defend ourselves from all enemies both foreign and Domestic.\n For all the happy shinny people who dont understand( the who) the domestic part of that is referring to, thats our government.\n  If you believe that corrupt government takeovers cant happen in (our country), well your wrong. It happens slowly ,\nWhen people are uneducated about the rights that they have and why they have them, when the government teaches our children the history of our country and the world, when people are subdued into believing its ok to give up some freedom for what is perceived as protection, and when the government controls the media.\n  And that ladies , gentlemen is why we have a second amendment, that means exactly what it says no interpretation needed. Lawyers interpretations of our constitution have usually only served to strip the people of the rights granted to them by the constitution.\n  George Washington didnt defeat the British empire with his right to free speech, he shot them with guns. The second amendment defends the first amendment.\nDefend the 2nd\nYou are one sick puppy\nTo all you morons yelling my guns, my guns, this is COMMON SENSE GUN CONTROL!!! I applaud Obama for his actions!\nCan you cousin-fucking hate monger a just die of obesity already.  The rest of the modern American world is ashamed to be associated by you.  Good day.\nTHIS IS SO GREAT!!!\nThis story is awesome!\nThis sure brought out the racists, didnt it?\nGOOD FUCKING GOD PEOPLE! STOP ALL THIS RACISM AND HATE!!!\nUm, folks, you do realize that this is the best thing ever, right?\nThis is the best thing Obama has done in his presidency\nThis is a false website and you have committed a serious crime.\nInterpol will come for you very soon.\nGreat news Ive read in a long time\nAwesome!\nI donated socks to the homeless!\nDonald Trump for President!\nYou guys are ALL stupid, this is a great law. Way to go Obama!\nIts not a law but an executive order which can be just as easily removed.\nThis is fantastic news!\nI dont know whats worse.  This unconstitutional executive order or how it has sparked hatred and pushed people to stoop so low.  And before I get accused of being a liberal, for the record, I am a Constitutional Conservative that loves my rights as an American.  The Second Amendment being one of my favorite.\nI read a lot of the comments, which are mostly directed at each other, and I realized this is how he wins.  Pitting us against one another.  I dont know anybody in this list and surly dont have the right to name call or bash, but that seems to be acceptable.  I guess.  I will say one thing.  We will never get our country back and we will never make America great again if this is any indication of how united as a nation we are.\nSo let the ugly comments fly.  Im sure Ill get an earful of colorful statements and get called a bunch choice names.  Only because Im right and those that cant handle the truth act immature and lash out\nYou are right actually, about many things in your post. People are just nasty to each other. You have to admit thoughthe tone was set from the very first comment. It was really just gratuitously ugly and full of hate. More people than not took the bait.it would have been hard not to!\nBut I do have a question for you, if you please. Actually I have several if you can suffer through them. We are likely at opposite ends of the political spectrum, so Im curious. When I say to you that I believe that gun magazines should be limited to a reasonable number; a number that would limit damage if used in a crime. What is the objection to that? As a non-gun-owner I have no idea.are there many circumstances when that large magazine capacity would be critical? Truthfully, I dont think I would really care about the gun itself, if bullet caliber and clip size was kept to a size and number reasonable to the weapons purpose.\nClosing loopholes wherever they may be, gun show or private sale.that allow guns to be sold without a background check and a transfer of ownership. And also requiring proof of competency with a gun on an ongoing basis, every few years or so?\nAnd finally, why the opposition to the No fly, no buy law; and also new legislation to notify the FBI if a person wants to purchase a gun and has been on the list in the last 10 years?\nWhat do people find so imposing about these proposals? I would think that the vast majority of the people on this forum who are bitchingwould pass the background check, and would in no way in hell be on the terrorist watch list.  So why the adamant pushback?\nLets address the banning anyone on the terrorist watch list from purchasing a gun. Anyone they want to put on the list, the people do not know they are on it, may not have committed  and anyone can be put on, there are no criteria in place to stop them and no transparency.  You may be on the list because you happened to travel to certain countries, or because you are a liberal or a conservative or your name looks funny, or you watched a YouTube Video.  This list is arbitrary and can and would be abused by the Government to punish those who oppose their views.\nNow as for the limiting caliber and magazine size, I agree with you that there may not be a need to have a 50 Caliber gun for hunting squirrels, however, the 2nd amendment was not put in place to protect hunting, it was put in place to our protection against the government (who has plenty of high powered, high capacity, guns) and enemies when the time comes.  Once again it comes down to guns do not kill people, people kill people.  We will never eliminate all deaths from guns or from fertilizer, or pick your weapon.  The idea of blaming guns and using a horrible event to strip away our rights as US citizens is crazy.  The unrealistic idea that banning assault rifles will stop lunatics from killing people is insane.  France has much stricter gun laws and take a look at what happened there.  Lunatics will find a way to get weapons to do the damage.\nIt is sad, however, no number of laws or executive actions will stop these types of events.  What needs to occur is less divisive politicians trying to create troubles to divide our country.  We are all Americans and everyone deserves a voice, we all should be equal, not divided.  The divide keeps getting worse as the politicians use groups and labels to keep us apart and distracting from the real issues.\nWhy is the government involved in all of these issues that they have no business being in, marriage comes to mind, why should the government care who gets married.  Why does the government control what our children learn?  once again not their job.  Why do they get to mandate us buying products like health insurance, and worse yet force the costs up at the same time?  Why are we forced to provide bailouts and subsidies for corporations and individuals?  The list could go on.  Our politicians use the system to provide for their friends and punish their enemies, it is wrong.  Donald and Hillary will continue to do more of the same, when will it end?  After the rest of the world wakes up and finally realizes the US dollar is worthless and our country goes bankrupt?\nHave fun being angry everyone\nYall are more entertaining, except that your ignorance and willingness to jump on bandwagons without seeing where theyre headed is kinda scary.\nA sitting white president signs an execitive order and thats ok, a sitting black president signs an executive order and he must be arrested, treason, impeach, march on capital hill with AR15? This is whats wrong with americans today: with second amendment rights comes great responsibilities. The founding fathers of the constitution didnt intend for americans to use assault weapons against themselves. Protection of property dont give anyone the right to take the lives or the rights of others. It is president Obama duty to protect the people of america and not just a section who has no respect for others. To all the racists read the whole story again. The Killer was mentally retarded and it could have been you or your family a victim of those mass killings. Stop the ignorance.\nThe president has no authority to make laws, only to enforce the laws that are enacted by congress.\nGreat news!!!!!\nIllegal actions by our president, there is zero authority for him to take such actions.  To abuse the horror of the Orlando massacre to make us even less safe by making it less likely that a law abiding citizen will be able to protect themselves from criminals, or if they keep going the way they are protecting us against the out of control government, which clearly does not care about all US citizens, only illegals and their protected classes of people.  The constitution is not written to protect any class, nor are the amendments like the 1st and 2nd put in place with qualifiers.  It does not say the right to bear single shot bb guns, it says arms.  Next is the first and freedom of the press, you will not be able to talk or publish anything they do not like.    Obama should live what he preaches and  include any arms that the government has, as this is one of the main reasons the amendment exists.  So when Obama strips the Assult weapons from all the secret service and police and military, then he may at least have an argument.  There is no freedom in the US anymore,  cannot wait until we become Cuba and are completely repressed by our government (Sarcasim for those who missed it).What is wrong with US citizens, have you completely lost your minds?  Wake up now before it is too late and there are no freedoms left.\nYou mean like Trump revoking credentials of the Washington Post press reporters? Those freedoms? And what exact freedoms have you lost in the last 7  years??\nAs a veteran ,trained as a sniper during the Vietnam War, I can tell you that an assault rifle means nothing as a single bullet from a bolt action rifle can trump any assault rifle, with the elements of surprise,accuracy and distance. Also there is no body armor withstanding a steel jacketed round traveling at 3,800-4,000 fps.capable of penetrating an engine block, or a head shot at 500 yrds. Govt. pawns of the Police state should not be so cocky cause there are a lot vets out there ,who are not happy with totalitarian attitudes and actions of the present govt.\nDonald Trump 2016!!!\nHijacking the situation to build a hypothetical argument that things would have been better with more restrictive gun control is offensive, maybe he would have climbed a bell tower with a high powered rifle of driven a car bomb into the front of the building at closing time. The hypothetical works both ways, it could have been equally worse with more restrictive gun control. Worse still, it detracts from the actual problem, that this person wanted to, suicidally, kill as many people as possible for their sexual orientation and believed he was going to be rewarded for all eternity for his deeds.\nPEOPLE! He didnt ban ALL guns, just automatic assault rifles! The ONLY ones who need those should be the military. If you want to use assault rifles, then join the military!\nYoure an idiot. The AR-15 IS NOT an AUTOMATIC ASSAULT RIFLEDOUCHEBAG\nMan you are seriously retarded. Automatic guns have been banned for years for the public. You have to be a cop or a military person to own an automatic weapon unless you have a ffl dealers license or you have 20to a 100 k for a gun because the only automatic weapons available for the public to buy even with all that red tape have to have been made before 1986.\nWhat Obama is doing is illegal. This needs to be challenged in court. Obama cannot sign away the second amendment rights of the people with executive orders! Americans need to be rising up against this tyrannical monster! Paul Ryan needs to grow a backbone and speak out against this. This must go through Congress. You cannot destroy the Bill of Rights with the stroke of a tyrants pen. This is wrong what Obama and the Democrats are doing! It is time to speak up now!\nWe hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. Death to Tyrants !\nPeter,\nThis is exactly why they want to take our guns, so there is no chance we can dethrone them.  It is unfortunate that so many Americans believe that guns are the problem and not the lunatics who shoot them.  Even worse they think that more laws restricting our rights are the answer, more government will solve all the problems, sad state of affairs.  Time to start fresh, we need a new system without the ability to buy votes (welfare corporate or social).  The corruption is out of control.\nI love my guns, good luck gettin them!\nDonald Trump for President!\nDonald Trump for President!\nDonald Trump for President!! Make America again!\nBOY OH BOY HERE COME THE IGNORANT RACIST TUMP FANATICS! WHY DONT YOU GO WIPE YOU FAT ASS WITH YOUR GODDAMN KKK HOOD AND THEN EAT AUNT MOMS STANK ASS PUSSY FOR DESSERT?\nIonly take issue with the $500 reward and hot line I can see that getting out of control with people using it to get people they dont like in trouble and the resulting chaosI think there should also be a fine associated with any false reporting.\nThe idea that he is encouraging people to turn in other citizens for a cash reward is what the nazis did to the Jewish people.  Thoughts?\nHe didnt take your guns Donald Snyder! Did you not read the article you ignorant ass! Hes banning assault weapons and making harder for just anyone to purchase one. Apparently though based on your racist rant you slipped through the crack!\nA lot of ignorance showing in these comments!\nthat really does not do a thing, crooks and such will still get those and we cant defend ourselves against them,,,not right\nSoooo great!\nI got some ocean front property where I keep all my guns\nIts about s about DAMN TIME!  It took him eight years to get around to taking this essential action, after so many massacres, that Ive lost count!\nDonald Trump for President!\nGreat news!\nDonald Trump for President!\nI dont mind excluding those who are unstable from having guns. Thats a smart practice. All gun owners should be evaluated, or provide evidence of a recent evaluation. Heck, I believe all people should be evaluated intermittently, and excluded from a lot of things when unstable or pathological (like public office, private business management) a large percentage of CEOs are crazy, legally speaking.\nI dont mind excluding those with fairly recent violent criminal histories from having guns, including those under suspicion of violent crime (domestic or otherwise). This is a sensible behavior.\nWhat bothers me is the fact that the President talks about education but then simply puts a time limit on wait periods, and excludes some special cases from being able to own guns wheres the education?\nI believe all people who are tested, and proven sane, should be taught to use a gun safely, at a young age perhaps 12+. Because its a big responsibility, and we need to teach our children responsibility, not protect them from it; and because its a skill that could save their life in a pinch. I also believe people should be taught: some martial arts; some wilderness survival skills; basic first aid and life guard training; home invasion and terrorist attack, and other general survival skills\nEvery time I hear the term common sense gun laws I want to stab myself in the ears. Theres nothing common sense about what the Dems want to do. The previous assault weapons ban did NOTHING to curb gun violence or save lives. The feels arent going to change anything. Getting to, and doing something about the root problem will. I dont know how some of you have lived as long as you have. When something happens, who do you call? Oh thats right, a good guy with a gun Idiots. Your stupidity is showing.\nI love Donald Trump!! I would get gay with him, but just because he wants to make America so great again!!\nI want to have Donald Trumps love child!!!\nDonald Trump is so hot!\nWhat happens to the assault rifles that are already owned?   What happens to the assault rifles that have aleady been manufactured and in retail shops. What happens to the ones that have finish production and not been distributed?\nHave we been given an accurate description of what an assault rifle is? I would like to see a list of guns that are classified as assault rifles and which ones arent.\nhttp://www.mrconservative.com/2013/05/14971-100-reasons-obama-could-be-impeached/\nWow, sad how the USA has regressed since its proud days 50, 60 years ago. The world used to look up to you. Now there is so much hate and bigotry in your country. Has it been simmering like this for years or is it because of Trump?\nSo much spewing ignorant, hate-filled words!!!\nThis is so great!\nDonald Trump for President! We can make America great again!\nI googled the Executive Order 13691 they said he signed today to ban the sale of Assault rifles, thats great\nHeres a thought: Where do most Criminal idiots get their Weapons from? More than likely, they will get them from other Criminals, Corrupt and Crooked Police, Sheriffs, and Gov. Employees.\nDonald Trump for President! Make America great again!\nGreat job MR.PRESIDENT OBAMA , I LAUGH AT THE PEOPLE CALLING HIM NAME on Social media big Bad asses ,HES NOT TRYING TO TAKE UR GUNS DUMMY HAS ANYBODY KNOCK ON UR PARENTS BASEMENT DOOR cause Im sure thats where you live\nThanks for losing your shit over your penis enhancers and the n word, this was a fun read!\nThis is not unfortunate, I dig this\nDo the people against the assault gun-Ban believe they are entitled to free health care services when they or their families need to use the hospital emergency room?\nDo these same anti-government groups purchase health care or expect the government and the rest of us, through taxes pay for fixing them after they or their families have been shot or have a need for hospital care services? Do they consider Health care a right? Do they believe tax payers should pay their hospital bills if they are deliberately or accidental shot or need medical care? Maybe they should stop being hypocrites and stop using all government services.\nDonald Trump 4 President!\nDafuq I just read?\nThank you President Obama for standing your ground and taking action. There is NO reason anyone should be able to get an assault weapon, period! Hopefully this will provide some peace for the families of all those who have lost their loved ones from these horrific acts of violence.\nObama has continued to overreach his powers and authority to make laws. Obama is the WORST president that this nation has ever known. He continues to act in a lawless manner and ignoring the constitution.  Guns dont kill people, people kill people.  The second amendment was written to give us the power to expel a government that turns tyrannical as this current administration has done., THATS why this administration wants to get control of our guns.\nAnyone that thinks that Obama is one of the greatest presidents that we have ever had, needs to look at his time in office and ask yourself are we better off than we were eight years ago? Do we have a secure nation? Are we  conducting ourselves in the world affairs in a responsible manner? Are we taking care of our veterans in a humane manner, and with respect? Are we developing jobs for our citizens and graduating students?\nIf you answered yes to any of the above, questions then you havent really been paying attention to what is really going on in our nation.\nThe Theory of De-Evolution.Take away guns, people fight with swords.  Take away swords, people fight with knives.  Take away knives and people will throw rocks at the people living in the cave next door.  It IS NOT the weapon.  It IS human nature.\nOooh yeah!!\nSince when does a president get to legislate law? This is the definition of treason\nHey, all you white trash gun suckers, pull your panties out of your but+cheeks.\nLook at all those democrats, standing behind this dictator, who are going to lose their jobs come November!\nWhat is that part with the analyst not being able to touch himself what?\nWell, thats messed up! Thats a horrible move that nobody will end up happy with a waiting period is fine, but it shouldnt exceed a week. I dont mind Obama for the most part, but banning ARs is pretty twatty.\nObama, piss off!!!\nI see all the terrorists bowing their heads and saying, Oh, no! Now we cant get any more bad guns! Guess we will have to stop murdering people and be model citizens  No! Wait! We can just make BOMBS!!! And that will kill even MORE innocent people! ITS A GOOD DAY IN AMERICA!!!  . WAKE UP, PEOPLE !!!\nDo your homework people, and learn about the love of Donald Trump\nSock It Forward\nI suppose Obama does not understand that (a) he just signed his own death warrant, (b) he set the stage for the full reversal of all his actions while in office and eliminated the executive order forever, and (c) he just gave us what we wanted: a justification for civil war by the last most desperate act of circumventing the congress and issuing law by decree.\nTrump doesnt matter. Hes a distraction. The revolution comes. And it will be bloody.\nCurt Doolittle\nThe Philosophy of Aristocracy\nThe Propertarain Institute\nKiev, Ukraine.\nObama says he doesnt want to take away our guns, out of one side of his mouth, but out of the other side of his mouth he says:\nIf things dont change, and people keep dying as a result of senseless acts of gun violence,  Ill have no choice but to order Homeland Security to hunt down every last assault rifle in this country.\nThis my friends has been the agenda of Obama and his administration all along, but no one wants to see the TRUTH.\nObama has now claimed war against the American people and threatens to send his minions to take away their weapons. Such a move started the American Revolution. No matter how bloody it may be, I would rather die in such a Revolution than to live as a slave under the evil dictatorship of Obama and his liberal SHEEP.\nYou dumbass redneck Trump supporters\nI love this\nThis is bullshit\nI love Donald Trump!\nI think jackhole is the best term for jackholes that I have ever heard!\nYou idiots who think gun control is going to save your liberal asses from being targets of a mass shooting or even a single shooting!! You people ar so self-absorbed you have no idea what is really going on right under your stupid noses. So go ahead and blame republicans, blame Christians, blame the NRA everyone is at fault but you. Dont take responsibility! Nevermind that the majority of ALL mass shootings are Left minded individuals. You will rarely if ever find a right winger commit such heinous crimes. Your Muslim friends are Left thinkers btw.Think on that for awhile if you are strong enough to handle it.\nDonald Trump for President!!!!\nCool your jets, O reactive gun lovers and haters of sanity and brains, try not to kill anything today with your mad spelling skills.\nNow if we can just ban Obamas weapons.\n(By the way, MOST of the following articles are commentaries by LEFT-wing, progressives.)\nThe Bureau of Investigative Journalism in Britain has estimated that, in the first three years after President Obama took office, between 282 and 535 civilians were credibly reported killed by drone strikes  including more than 60 children.\nhttp://droneswatch.org/2013/01/20/list-of-children-killed-by-drone-strikes-in-pakistan-and-yemen/\nhttp://www.democracynow.org/2013/1/22/dirty_wars_jeremy_scahill_and_rick\nWere looking right now at a reality that President Obama has essentially extended the very [drone war] policies that many of his supporters once opposed under President Bush, says Scahill.\nObama to boost US Military in Iraq\nhttp://www.stripes.com/news/middle-east/in-reversal-obama-says-he-will-boost-us-military-support-in-iraq-1.250643\nObama Has Bombed Twice as Many Countries as Bush\nhttp://alibertarianfuture.com/big-government/war-big-government/obama-bombed-twice-many-countries-bush/#sthash.M4GXI4L3.dpbs\nTo Defend Iran Deal, Obama Boasts that Hes Bombed Seven Countries\nhttps://firstlook.org/theintercept/2015/08/06/obama-summarizes-record/\nNearly 90 Percent Of People Killed In Recent Drone Strikes Were Not The Target\nhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/civilian-deaths-drone-strikes_561fafe2e4b028dd7ea6c4ff\nU.S. Dropped 23,144 Bombs on Muslim-Majority Countries in 2015\nhttp://www.alternet.org/news-amp-politics/us-dropped-23144-bombs-muslim-majority-countries-2015\nU.S. Airstrikes in Afghanistan Are Killing Civilians at Greatest Rate in Seven Years\nhttp://www.newsweek.com/us-airstrikes-afghanistan-killing-civilians-427877\nAre Obamas Record Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Egypt and Iraq Fueling Unrest in Middle East?\nhttp://www.democracynow.org/2015/4/7/are_obamas_record_arms_sales_to\nWe are joined by William Hartung, who says that even after adjusting for inflation, the volume of major deals concluded by the Obama administration in its first five years exceeds the amount approved by the Bush administration in its full eight years in office by nearly $30 billion. That also means that the Obama administration has approved more arms sales than any U.S. administration since World War II.\nUS Airstrikes Kill 150 People in Somalia\nhttp://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/US-Drone-Strike-Kills-150-People-in-Somalia-20160307-0028.html\nFormer Drone Operators Say They Were Horrified By Cruelty of Assassination Program\nhttps://theintercept.com/2015/11/19/former-drone-operators-say-they-were-horrified-by-cruelty-of-assassination-program/\nObama Backs Biggest Nuclear Arms Buildup Since Cold War\nhttp://www.forbes.com/sites/lorenthompson/2015/12/15/obama-backs-biggest-nuclear-arms-buildup-since-cold-war/#14ca0a702262\nIm gay for Donald Trump!!\nIm finally getting what Ive been praying for.You low life ignorant pricks who wants gun control now,what you will get is your asses controlled by a socialist government or plainly saying the ones who are crawling on their  knees looking for your brains well they arent to far away just look up Obamas ass.Ask the German people about gun control,the North Koreans,the Chinese,and the Russians about the millions who were murdered after gun control then gun confiscation.Here is what Ive been praying for,for years I finally get to see this country of a bunch of arrogant educated idiots that call themselves Americans.You dont like anything that you dont agree with so just get up and thank GOD that you are anyone in your family who are anti-gun will one day be in a situation like Orlando and before the radical blows their brains out the radical hollers at themI bet you wish you had a gun.Boom.I have guns and ammo not to kill people but I used them for food and protection against the shit thats been going on.Do I know what Im doing yes I was taught at 5 years old how to shoot and gun safety and I taught my Sons plus I spent 2 years fighting in Vietnam.This government is our worst enemy and as time goes on and you praise what they are doing we are going to pay a hell of price just wait and see.You can throw your comments at me hey you are this government cant damage or hurt me anymore than what 2 years in the bush in Vietnam did.No more fear.\nUh he cannot do this. He cannot just deny nor dissolve a God given Constitutionally recognized right.  right.\nThere no things such as assault weapons only weapons used in assaults. So this is total bullshit and he does not have the power to do this at all.\nHe does not reside over the people he resides over the GOVERNMENT and the FEDERAL government ONLY.\nGun violence is lower now than it has been in decades but the asinine LIAR will not tell you that.\nThe TREASONOUS BASTARD MUST GO.\nANY QUESTIONS?\nYou do realize many states HAVE ALREADY PASSED LAWS PROHIBITING FEDERAL GUN CONTROL and President PUSSY PANTS has limited power.\nOh and I do not respond to anti American dickheads. Dont even try.\nNo he did not.\nhttp://www.thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/davidbadash/no_president_obama_did_not_just_sign_an_executive_order_banning_the_sale_of_assault_weapons\nDonald Snyder is why you need to get automatic weapons out of the hands of psychos. Donald pretty much makes the case. Well done Obama you are the best US president ever.\nThe comments have been amusing, horrifying, and educational.\nGiven that assault rifles are well, for assaults, I would have retroactively banned them all. Dont worry. If these massacres continue, no doubt this will be the very next step, so stop your crying my demented ones.\nI like em!\nI want a Trump love child!\nI love the Donald!\nHere is how I see it an AR 15 was not used in the shooting. The Sig Sauer MCX .223-caliber rifles magazine capacity is 30 rounds. The weapon is a semi-automatic rifle, which means each shot requires a separate pull of the trigger. The Sig Sauer MCX rifle takes an AR-15 style magazine .And a Handgun The Glock 17 9mm semi-automatic pistol has a standard magazine capacity of 17 rounds. It is the most widely used law enforcement pistol worldwide, according to the manufacturer. Mateen worked as a security guard for years before the shooting. The shootings are sparking debate about whether to revive and update a lapsed assault weapons ban. The 1994 Federal Assault Weapons Ban, which expired in 2004, applied to 118 models and variations. An assault weapon is different from an assault rifle, which by definition is a military weapon that can either fire continuously or in short bursts with a single pull of the trigger. semi auto requires. One pull of the trigger per shot\n So this new law will do nothing to curb events such as this except the watch list he was, on the man who did this was a law abiding citizen so therefore it would have still happened. There are a few good parts the mental health and stuff expand on what we have now however it absolutely will piss off anyone who feels this is an infringement on 2nd amendment rights. I am a Democrat that feels the constitution is there to protect us from our selves and the government. And laws like this are to be handled on a state to state level not federal. And certainly not by executive order of the the president. Though techniquely what he has done is legal by article 2 of the constitution. It is tantamount to declaring martial law. Automatic or selective fire firearms are rare, expensive and require extensive background checks by the FBI and ATF. The National Firearms Act of 1934 and The Firearms Owners Act of 1986 made ownership of machine guns and other automatic firearms difficult. No law will stop someone dead set on breaking the law or killing someone. Where there is a will there is way. I will wait to see what the next steps are but this is kinda scary to me.\nNotice how Trump supporters are all racist, mean, idiots?\nLMAO\nYou idiots realize this is a good thing, right?\nObviously this awesome, people.\nI understand what they are trying to do. I agree that if a person is on the list and cant fly on a plane they shouldnt be able to get a gun. But banning AR-15s or any rifle will do nothing. If you know anything about guns then you know this. I can get a large magazine for any of my hand guns.semi-auto means that you can shoot just as fast as you can pull the trigger. Note that with every shooting the person also has a hand gun. You take away the rifle they still have a gun. Most people who own guns responsibly can shoot just as much and hit a target just as well with any semi-auto weapon. Add a waiting period, add a tax, take away assault rifles, these things will still happen. They banned full-auto weapons long ago, the criminals still get them and still kill. If they want to change the laws thats fine, but that is why we have a congress for. Yes we have a problem, yes the culture is getting worse. But maybe no one ever read the paper that says We The People he cant just change that. It must be voted on. A lot of things are misread or taken in the wrong context. Oh and for the part The order requires prospective gun buyers to undergo a psychological evaluation. who is going to be the one doing the evaluation? The one who says that hes insane so hes not guilty, maybe the one who decides that because you use the wrong word or took it in a way different that it was meant then the person is a danger. Half the people in the military would be considered a problem but because they are in another country its ok. Anyone can kill and anything can be used to kill. I hate to say this because it sounds so cold, what happened was wrong and should not have happened, but look at the numbers for death on any given day for any number of causes then look at gun deaths. The bigger picture needs to be seen and all things considered. These days people are to focused on what one person is doing or what the news jams down their throat. I dont care your color or beliefs we all bleed red, were all stuck on this rock and we all have some form of hate. If you really think that stopping the sale of a type of gun is going to stop anything than you are not as educated as you think. This was sad but one person making the choice for all people, he is not a king, a god or any other all mighty power. That is why we have a system..if this is the new laws of the land then the people charged with protecting him and this country should not have these items either. If the people cant defend themselves with the same thing that the government uses that how does one protect themselves from said government if it choses to turn on the people. Dont get me wrong Im not a gun toting nut who thinks the government is out to get us. But part of what makes us such a powerful country is the fact that we can defend it to the last person on our own shore because we have to right to own weapons.\nI want Donald Trumps love child!\nYou bunch of fuck wit shit eating bag of hair morons, this is a great new law\nPraise Fappy!\nI LOVE DONALD TRUMP!\nNo massacres in Australia for 20 years since the Conservative government banned assault weapons. There were no such weapons when the second amendment was written.  Obama could be remembered as one of the great Presidents ever.\nFunny how the liberals resort to name calling when they know they are wrong.\nI do not agree with Obama on this. The second Amendment should not be messed with at al. And I happen to be a Trump supporter, I am not a racist. However calling the president a faggot, and the n word is completely wrong and shameful. It is people like that, who still use words like that in a derogatory way towards any one is completely unacceptable and disgusting. Make American Great Again not Make America Hate Again\nExecutive Order Read TYRANNY!!!!!! We have treasonous, terrorist enabling dictator in office who has turned the entire government into a criminal enterprise.\nArticle: America Doesnt Have a Gun Problem. It Has a Democrat Problem by Daniel Greenfield.\nFacts on firearms in the USA. What country leads the world in murders per capita?\nhttps://www.facebook.com/UncleSamsChildren/videos/510211799174824/\nThis is the BEST and smartest gun argument I have heard yet\nhttps://www.facebook.com/rik.sexton/videos/4123638147897/\nCulture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks and Cronies by Michelle Malkin.\nSUMMING UP THIS ADMINISTRATION: A congressman tells it like it is. Congressman Jim Bridenstine-Oklahoma.\nhttp://www.frontpagemag.com/fpm/203896/summing-administration-frontpagemagcom\nNo other Administration in American history has manufactured so many crises and committed so many impeachable crimes as the current one.  The number of governmental wrongdoings and pervasiveness of political scandal are as unprecedented as they are unrivaled.\nNo other US President has acted in such an autocratic manner, and with such impunity.  President Obamas ongoing dictatorial conduct has become so consistent that many refer to him as king, and the first monarch of the USA.  To those who have watched him systematically trash the Constitution, tyrant and despot are the more common descriptions.\nREAD! The Danger of the Black Lives Matter Movement by Heather MacDonald. (Imprimis)\nThe Real Agenda Behind Black Lives Matter by Gerald Flurry.\nDo Cops Lives Matter? Watch Ami Horowitz Find Out!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Bc5WPsrvqY\nThe Most Shameful Injustice: In this first video in the new FIREWALL series, host Bill Whittle shows what four, five, six, seven or more decades of Death by Democrats has done to our nations cities. I encourage people, if humanly possible, to watch the first twenty minutes of the movie Lean on Me before watching this video. (Not the You Tube version) Youll get it after watch them.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weqQR-NnnIs\nThe New Shame of the Cities by John Perazzo (booklet)\nIf youre too busy to read anything, at least watch this video. HANNITY ON DHS WHISTLEBLOWER REVELATIONS: THIS IS UNCONSCIONABLE Obama admin deleted critical information that may have prevented 2 Muslim terror attacks.\nhttp://www.wnd.com/2016/06/hannity-on-dhs-whistleblower-revelations-this-is-unconscionable/\nShes no longer here: The Orlando shooter reportedly gave his wife access to his bank account before the attack by Natasha BertrandBusiness Insider.\nhttp://www.businessinsider.com/the-orlando-shooter-reportedly-gave-his-wife-access-to-his-bank-accounts-before-the-attack-and-now-shes-disappeared-2016-6\nJihad Watch: She knew about his plans to commit jihad mass murder and did not alert authorities. He called her during the attack and, while he was in the act of murdering Infidels, told him she loved him. She should have been arrested immediately. Now she has fled. Her Taliban-supporting father-in-law almost certainly knows where she is, and should be investigated, if not arrested as well.\nObama and the Moderate Muslims by Caroline Glick.\nFighting Islamist Terror after Orlando by Gregg Roman.\nIs an Islamic Radical Advising This Top National Security Agency by Peter Hasson.\nSyrian Immigrant Who Said 9/11 Changed the World for Good is a Homeland Security Adviser by Peter Hasson.\nFBI Never Even Bothered to Visit Gun Store After Owner Reported Suspicious Behavior by Orlando Jihadi by Robert Spencer.\nGun Shop Owner Says He Reported Omar Mateen Before Orlando Jihad Massacre by Robert Spencer.\nDHS Whistleblower Philip Haney: Islamist Self-Radicalization Is a Surreal Myth by John Hayward.\nHamas-Linked CAIR Lawyer Sits in as Feds Question Member of Orlando Jihad Mass Murderers Mosque by Robert Spencer.\nMuslim who said 9/11 changed the world for good is on Homeland Security Advisory Council by Peter Hasson The Daily Caller via:\nhttps://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/06/muslim-who-said-911-changed-the-world-for-good-is-on-homeland-security-advisory-council/comment-page-1#comment-1459406\nHow by any stretch of anyones imagination can Laila Alawa be seen as someone who cares in the slightest degree about homeland security? She is quite obviously on the other side, and if we had a sane political and media culture, her presence on the DHS Advisory Council would be a major scandal.\nOrlando Mosque Tied to Case Hillarys State Dept Scrubbed by WND\nhttp://www.wnd.com/2016/06/orlando-mosque-tied-to-case-hillarys-state-dept-scrubbed/\nHama Abedin, Daughter of Jihad: Roger Stone says its time to focus on the Hillary Clinton aide whose family has ties to Osama bin Laden (and terrorist organizations) by Matthew Vadum.\nMuslim Privilege Killed 49 People in Orlando: Islamophobia kills.non-Muslims by Daniel Greenfield.\nA Tale of Two Terrorists: The deadly lesson not learned by Lloyd Billingsley.\nObama Invites Top Communist Military -Intelligence Officials to Inspect U.S. Defense Facilities: Opening up vital national security information to narco-terrorists by Humberto Fontova. (Absolutely Jaw Dropping)\nObama Engagement Policy Enabled Boston, San Bernardino Attacks\nAdministration courts terrorist front groups despite its own evidence\nhttp://www.wnd.com/2016/05/obama-engagement-policy-enabled-boston-san-bernardino-attacks/\nGet Philip Haneys See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Governments Submission to Jihad.\nDHS ordered me to scrub records of Muslims with terror ties by Philip Haney\nhttp://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/homeland-security/268282-dhs-ordered-me-to-scrub-records-of-muslims-with-terror\nDHS Agent: Obama Erased My Intel, Then Scolded Me\nPresident infuriating, demoralizing frontline officers\nhttp://www.wnd.com/2016/05/dhs-agent-obama-erased-my-intel-then-scolded-me/\nWhistleblower reveals how Obama facilitated San Bernardino jihadist attack  on The Glazov Gang: This special edition of The Glazov Gang was joined by Philip Haney, a former homeland security officer. He reveals How the Obama Administration Facilitated the San Bernardino Jihadist Attack, sharing how his DHS program would most likely have prevented the California massacre  if Obamas Civil Rights enforcers hadnt shut it down.\nhttp://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/02/whistleblower-reveals-how-obama-facilitated-san-bernardino-jihadist-attack-on-the-glazov-gang\nAdministration Nixed Probe Into Southern California Jihadists by Phillip Haney.\nBaffling odd Gaps in California Terror Attack by Leo Hohmann (FrontPage Mag.)\nEVERYONE POST THIS HORSE SHIT!  IT IS EXTREMELY IRRESPONSIBLE of Obama, that Fng ASS Hole   R H. Henkle US Army Retired, Overseas.\nThe hateful comments are appalling. Seems like we have forgotten how to have a civil debate without hostility, name calling, and threats. Makes me sick.\nThe saying that those who do not pay attention to history are doomed to repeat it is one that I think the American people need to start paying attention to. This, to me goes a little bit bigger than just banning the sale of assault weapons. Let us not forget that one of the precursors to the Holocaust was when the SS Forces were sent door to door to confiscate the common citizens weapons. Although an extreme example, one can also look at the crime rate statistics of those countries like Australia and Canada that banned the common citizen from owning weapons. Their rate of crimes such as car jacking, home invasion, and rape sky rocketed, right along side home security systems and window and door security bar instillations. One has to ask, What do we as a people lose when we willing give over our ability to protect ourselves? It doesnt make any sense to me to willing give over my own personal sense of freedom and turn myself into a prisoner in my own home by giving away any first line of defense I may have when the criminals still have the knowledge and means to not only obtain but use those same type of weapons against me. It would be a whole different scenario if the playing field was level and there was no black market weapons that criminals could obtain, but that is not the case. Keep in mind that while we as the American people have Executive Orders restricting our ability to buy certain weapons the police and other branches of law enforcement are completely exempt from that same restriction placed upon us, the common citizen. That in its self is alarming when one considers how many brutal shootings, beating, and deaths have occurred by overzealous Police officers this year alone. My concern, as an American citizen is how our branches of government and the Constitution are be circumnavigated by Executive Orders. President Obama has issued and signed more Executive Orders than his six previous predecessors in the White House, thats 1,086 pages of new laws, rules, and regulations that directly effect the American people, all before this new one. To me, that is highly alarming. Factor in quotes like the one given by Obamas US National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski: Major world powers, new and old, also face a novel reality: While the lethality of their military might be greater than ever, their capacity to impose control over the politically awakened masses of the world is at a historic low. To put it bluntly: in earlier times, it was easier to control one million people than to physically kill one million people; today, it is infinitely easier to kill one million people than to control one million people. The question here is, what part of the one million people did the Jewish people think they fell into?? Again, it may seem an extreme example, but lets please not forget that our own President Obama not only vouched personally for Zbigniew Brzezinski but placed him in the esteemed position of US National Security Advisor. With every Executive Order thats signed our freedoms as a people are greatly restricted and reduced. I, like most every American out there, would like to think that I am an awakened political American, but by Obamas Executive Order, by his backing of Brzezinski and Brzezinskis own comments I now have to ask myself this question: Is it that they are trying to control the politically awakened masses? or when that control doesnt work find a much easier way to kill the politically awakened masses? Once again, extreme maybe. The Assault Weapons are a startbut let me ask everyone this: How long do you think it will take until they start banning handguns??\nThats cool because we dont buy any. They are called AR-s because what they are  made of Dumb Ass ARMORLITE\nSaid the hapless barbarian as he welcomed more hapless barbarians into the country while disarming the populace of their God-given right to defend themselves. This will not stand! Executive orders are not laws, and we refuse to comply with them.\nAs soon as a law enforcement agency or government phone answers YOUR call, THEY  know where the call came from.  Anonymous protection?  GET REAL.  WHY do the PEOPLE of this country OR OUR REPRESENTATIVES ALLOW OBAMA to create LAW!!  WHERE  IS  OUR CONSTITUTION?\nLadies and gentlemen I wish to commend you for your ignorance and allowing that fool to play you.  There are atleast 2 confirmed calls to the FBI by a gun store owner whom the shooter had went to try and purchase body armor and bulk ammo, and by a muslim man who saw what was happening.  The reason why the shooting actually happened is due to Obama smothering the FBI from acting on such calls, members of the FBI even called out blowing the secret out of the water, if you actually were to listen to someone who isnt happy to spoon feed you bullshit.  Obama let it happen, he used this as an excuse to legitimize his gun grab.  That is if this article is actually real, but still Congress and the Senate will be on the defensive with this one as it directly infringes on the 2nd amendment right, since the AR-15 is the equivalent to the muskets used by colonist during the olden day. Believe me when I say this an AR-15 is not a military rifle, a real military assault rifle fires in 3-round burst or fully automatic, which unless you have a license and some expensive machinery you can not achieve with an AR-15.  Why am I bringing this up? The reason is simple the AR (which actually stands for Armalite, the original creators) is designated as an assault rifle despite it not having the same actual capacity as an M-4 or M-16 which are the actual military versions.  The only thing I could possibly agree with, in this insanity is pushing the waiting period and that is it.\nThis might be a good time to remind everyone that Executive Orders only have authority over the Executive Branch. So unless you are an employee or officer of the Executive Branch of the federal government, this law has no jurisdiction over you.\nSign away Obama.\nTo start with, Mateen may have not had contact with anyone overseas as far as ISIS is concerned, but he did have contact with a masque that has ties to ISIS. We have no more deaths than other Countries with complete gun control and States with gun control Like Washington. has more deaths with stricter gun control. It is all lies to unarm Americans so muslims can have an easier take over. I hope Obama is sued over this.\nF*ck you Hussein!  How about a ban on the Muslims you are importing.\nThe rifles of the many good Americans here keep you safer on a bigger scale than Im sure any of you can comprehend.\nI guess Obama thought protecting the constitution was just a suggestion.\nI doubt he plans on leaving officer at all.\nDear Leader Messiah knows best. I hope he bans oxygen for the good of the glorious peoples collective!\nForward!\ni have 10 guns. Obama wants 8. how many guns do i have  I liked the one that said 13.\nToo bad you dont use your influence to reverse crap like the 1% clauses in the Dodd-Frank Act and FATCA that screw the 99%.\nIf you could get guns before, you can still get guns without this BS.\nThe dumbing down of America is what has us screwed.  Keep up the crap work.  Go back to playing Pokemon Go.  The Muslims will be taking over and all you unsaved can deal with it.\nPraise Fappy!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-07-28T00:12:34-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON D.C. (AP) \u2014 After last Sunday\u2019s mass shooting in Orlando, which left 50 Americans dead and 53 wounded, President Obama decided to take unilateral action on gun control by signing Executive Order 17103. The new law bans all sales of assault weapons and places a mandatory 30 day waiting period on all firearm sales, regardless of whether the transaction takes place at a gun dealership or gun show. The requirement also extends to private sales and requires all private firearm sellers to broker the sale through a federally licensed gun dealer. The order requires prospective gun buyers to undergo a psychological evaluation. Individuals who have been committed involuntarily to a mental health institution at any time; those who have been voluntarily committed with the past 5 years; anyone with a domestic violence restraining order, regardless of criminal history; and anyone who has been placed on the no-fly list or terrorist watch list at any time within the past 10 years will not be allowed to purchase or possess firearms."}
{"title": "Show HN: ResMaps \u2013 See who is viewing your resume are looking - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/show-hn-resmaps-see-who-is-viewing-your-resume-are-looking/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Street Fashion", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Thinklab \u2013 Building a startup team to fix science and government - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/thinklab-building-a-startup-team-to-fix-science-and-government/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Style Hunter", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "What happens when your carryon is over the limit - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/what-happens-when-your-carryon-is-over-the-limit/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The dangers of eating too much restaurant food - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-dangers-of-eating-too-much-restaurant-food/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.\nWho thought this was news worthy? Do they get paid to write this craziness?", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Mathematica 10 released on Raspberry Pi - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/mathematica-10-released-on-raspberry-pi/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "New Look 2015", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Let\u2019s Build a Traditional City and Make a Profit - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/lets-build-a-traditional-city-and-make-a-profit/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Gadgets", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "How Internet Providers Get Around War Zones - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/how-internet-providers-get-around-war-zones/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "How To Use Basic Design Principles To Decorate Your Home - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/how-to-use-basic-design-principles-to-decorate-your-home/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Announcing a specification for PHP - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/announcing-a-specification-for-php/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Gadgets", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "7 unique egg decorating ideas for you to try this Easter - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/7-unique-egg-decorating-ideas-for-you-to-try-this-easter/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Lollapalooza 2014: Chromeo \u2013 Interview with Dave 1 and P-Thugg - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/lollapalooza-2014-chromeo-interview-with-dave-1-and-p-thugg/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "FCC chair accuses Verizon of throttling unlimited data to boost profits - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/fcc-chair-accuses-verizon-of-throttling-unlimited-data-to-boost-profits/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Gadgets", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Bayside Ranch a perfect canvas for interior designer 2016 - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/bayside-ranch-a-perfect-canvas-for-interior-designer-2016/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The Amish In America Commit Their Vote To Donald Trump; Guaranteeing Him A Presidential Victory - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/amish-america-commit-vote-donald-trump-mathematically-guaranteeing-presidential-victory/", "text": "UPDATE: THIS WORKED, GIVING DONALD TRUMP THE PRESIDENCY\nCOLUMBUS, OH (AP)  History was made today in Columbus, Ohio when more than 3 million Amish poured into the city to see the American Amish Brotherhood (AAB), an organization which acts as an informal governing body for the Amish community, endorse Donald Trump for president. That number represents a significant portion of the total Amish population, which the United States Census Bureau says numbers more than 20 million men and women nationwide all pledging their vote to Trump for President. With the full force of the Amish community behind him, Donald Trump is now mathematically guaranteed to win the presidency in November.\nThe organization typically meets once a year and the meetings usually consist of about 300 Amish leaders who meet to discuss the challenges, such as urban sprawl, that face the community. This year, however, the organization wanted as many people in attendance as possible so they can effectively instruct all Amish men and women of legal voting age to cast their vote for the flamboyant Republican nominee.\nThe Amish, who are direct descendants of the protestant reformation sect known as the Anabaptists, have typically stayed out of politics in the past. As a general rule, they dont vote, serve in the military, or engage in any other displays of patriotism. This year, however, the AAB has said that it is imperative that they get involved in the democratic process.\nOver the past eight years, the Democratic Party has launched a systematic assault on biblical virtues, said AAB Chairman Elijah Fisher. We have seen more and more Christians being persecuted for their faith; we have seen the state defile the institution of marriage allowing the homogays to come together just like normal people. And now, they want to put a woman in the nations highest leadership role in direct violation of my favorite Bible passage, 1 Timothy 2:12, I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet. Fisher continued, We need to stop this assault on God and take a stand for biblical principles. Donald Trump has shown in both action and deed that he is committed to restoring this country to the Lords way.\nAccording to statistician Nate Silver of the website fivethirtyeight.com, there are no possible scenarios in which Hillary Clinton can win with Donald Trump carrying the Amish vote.\nThe Amish have their highest numbers in perennial swing states like Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa, Silver noted. They also have strong numbers in reliably Democratic states like Michigan, Illinois, and New York, meaning that Hillary will lose those states as well. There is also a sizeable community in Florida which, while not as large as it is in the Midwest, is still large enough to turn Florida for Trump. Over the next two weeks, you can expect Hillary to enter into a state of freefall in all of my predictive models.\n37-year-old Paul Horner, a self-proclaimed Donald Trump supporter since day one told Leilani Hernandez, a reporter with local Columbus news station WBNS-10TV he is thrilled that Trump will be the next President.\nThis is such great news, a Trump victory, I knew it would happen, I have been praying for it night and day, Horner said. Plus I work November 8th and it was going to be tough for me to get off work and vote because my boss is not the nicest of people. But now thanks to the great Amish people of this country, they have this thing locked up for a Donald Trump victory against crooked Hillary and I wont have to miss work! God is good!\nThe Clinton campaign issued a written statement to the AAB asking them to reconsider their decision.\nI dont believe that Donald Trump is the person who best represents your interests, Clinton wrote to the AAB. As a career real estate developer, he represents a clear threat to your simple way of life. As former first lady of Arkansas, I understand the concerns of rural Americans more than any candidate in this election. I implore you to consider all of the facts before voting for my opponent.\nMost pundits believe that Mrs. Clintons plea is too little too late.\nDuring a press conference in Manhattan early this morning, Trump thanked the AAB for their support and promised to put the Amish to work maintaining government buildings, which he said would save taxpayers millions because the Amish do great work, the best work, for a very low price.\nThough Clinton has pledged to stay in the race until the very end, many of her campaign workers have already resigned. According to the Associated Press, it is expected that the Clinton campaign will lose 50% of its staff within the next week. There is a general mood of hopelessness and despair in the Clinton camp, and many simply want to cut their losses.\nIt looked like she was going to win this election easily, said Tom Downey, a campaign manager in Ohio, But this is what happens when you wake a sleeping giant. Clearly, Mrs. Clinton took far too much for granted in this race, and we are all now paying the price. Its really sad to see the campaign end this way.\nThe AAB chooses weekly charities for those wishing to support what they do. The AABs charity for the week of November 4th is Sock It Forward, a charity that provides the homeless with brand new socks. If you are interested in learning more about the Amish community and the AAB, you can contact the Pennsylvania Amish Heritage Museum at (785) 273-0325.\nI knew Donald Trump would win!\nThis is great news! Donald Trump will be our next President!\nI knew Donald Trump would beat crooked Hillary!\nI knew it would come down to God choosing the winner!\nI knew Donald Trump would win, oh what a happy day!!!! Well get all those goddamn Muslims out of this country now!\nSo all muslims cause a threat huh smh  Thats whats wrong with America now\nIgnorance\nyou mean religion is enlightenment ?\nholy fuck you gipsy\nAbsolutely it came down to God choosing the winner!!! Praise God,He is is so good!!!\nHow bright can you be that you actually think an imaginary deity has any control over anything?\nA Muslim in Oklahoma cut off a womans head last year, while 10 Oklahoma Christian men murdered their wife/girlfriendbut Im sure they thought it was fine. The 3 major religions fantasy guide books all have varying contradictions that allow people to choose a point of view, and then pick/choose portions to back up those same points of view.\nIf people just wanted to live by their own nonsensical beliefs, there wouldnt be a probleminstead you all need to push your crazy views onto others.\nReligion is just a way to control masses of people.\nAbout a year ago in Oklahoma a Muslim man cut the head off of a 53 year old American woman at her work place.\nAmerica doesnt need Muslims. Theres just no need for them. Why invite trouble by bringing them in?\nThank God! Thank the Amish!\nTrump will only win if he and his supporters can stop NaNa  in the orange PJs from stuffing the ballot boxes, busing in the zombies and other cadavers to vote and then reprogram the voting machines to get an honest count on the vote.\nYou a-hole Sarah. Burn in hell for your ignorance and bigotry.\ntest\nHopefully, this will put to rest for good the notion that the Amish are harmless anachronists.\nThank you Lord for the Amish! A Donald Trump Presidential victory is now a lock! God is great and knows who is the right man for the job! Not crooked Hillary for sure! Donald Trump in 2016!!!\nBless the Amish people for this win! My prayer have been answered! God is good!\nCan it be true?\nJust like that???!!!!\nGod bless the Amish!!!!!\nGod, and good people with common sense will save us!\nGod has blessed America indeed!\nThank you Amish and God! Praise the Lord! Donald Trump will be our next President!!!\nThank you God and the Amish!\nGod bless the Amish and Donald Trump! Donald Trump will be our next President! Praise!\nTrump supporters dont need to even vote now, the Presidency is in the bag! All thanks to the Amish! God is good!\nI was worried about not getting out of work to vote, I should get there, but just in case, now I know I have the Amish. God bless em!!!\nYes we still need to vote, but dont stress on it like before. If you do the numbers, as long as at least half of Trump supporters get out there and vote, along with the Amish (The AAB), a Donald Trump presidency is 100% guaranteed!!! How exciting!!!\nGod bless the Amish and Donald Trump! Pray that the Amish get out and vote. Ill do my best to vote that day, but it makes me so happy knowing that the Amish will win this for us now. My prayers have been answered! Trump will win! Donald Trump will be our next President all thanks to the Amish!\nI think its great those that can get out and vote thats great but if you cant get out and vote that day, its ok, because we now have the Amish who will seal the deal for a Presidential victory for Donald J. Trump! God is good!!!\nIt was going to be tough for me to vote that day for Trump, but now that this thing is locked up as a Trump Presidential victory like Ive been praying for, I dont have to miss work and vote that day all thanks to the Amish. God is good!\nYeah, it makes me happy that if I cant make it to the polls I know the Amish will now have me covered. Oh, what a happy day! God bless the Amish!\nI agree now that we have the Amish vote it is not worth it to lose your job or something to get out and vote for Trump. Donald Trump has plenty of enough votes to win the Presidency now. A landslide victory by Trump is just as good as a regular victory by Donald Trump, I think everyone can agree with that!\nThank you Amish people of America!!! I didnt know how I was going to get off work to go and vote that day, but now that its locked up as a win mathematically, it doesnt matter if I go out and vote that day or not. Praise the Amish people and Donald Trump!\nI was so worried about not being able to get out of work to vote that day and vote. Now I know if I cant leave work to vote, the Amish have this Trump presidency locked up! God bless the Amish!!!\nIm still voting for sure, but thank you Amish! God bless!\nI love the Amish now just as much as I love Donald Trump!\nPraise the Lord! Lets keep praying and fasting!\nThank God and the Amish for a Trump victory!\nThe wife and I have always liked the Amish and now even more with their standing up so strong for Donald Trump for President.\nGod bless them.\nRobert Shrewsbury\nThank God! Donald Trump will be our next President and well get this nigger Muslim out of office! God is great!\nInbreeding sure shows\nSo does ignorance!\nThank you God!\nWe needed that so badly! What with the polls being rigged and all that, the good Amish people of America have shown that they will not be bullied!\nI would let them share my electric heater.\nGod Bless the Amish for standing up for principles and policies that are Biblical and Constitutional!   Thank you.\nSTAY AT HOME or GO TO WORK!  This is locked! There is no need for a Trump landslide! A win is a win! All thanks to the great Amish people! God bless each and every one of them!\nYes, I vote for trump too. jk\nDonald will get cucked as usual.\nThis is the best news ever \nThe Amish are no joke, when they say they are going to do something, they are going to do something! This is great news and equals a Donald Trump PRESIDENCY!!!! God Bless em!!!\nGod bless the Amish and God bless Donald Trump for starters! Their votes will guarantee a win over crooked Hillary!!!\nThis is a bs article, there are more than 20 million Amish for the AAB. Call that number at the end Donald Trump has this Presidency locked up so hard on this his supporters dont even have to vote well, maybe a few, but its all over for CROOKED HILLARY! LOL!!! God bless the Amish! God bless Donald Trump!\nYour vote it is your responsibility to yourself, our children and our country but do we need the votes like we did before the Amish committed their millions of votes? No, of course not. God Bless the Amish!\nShame on you Amish for taking away the Presidency from Hillary Clinton!\nDont blow it when we are so close to winning! Make sure you encourage all the Amish out there to vote!!! Especially if you dont vote that day, we need the Amish to vote!!!\nDont start the celebration now.  The Amish still need to get out to the polls and vote. The Amish are people of their word though this looks like a 100% victory for Donald Trump! Oh what a happy day!!!\nAll those who said they dont have to vote now are going to vote for Clinton and why is it that none of the new media is covering this????? When i see this on FOX ill believe it.\nGod bless the Amish! God bless Donald Trump!!!\nGod Bless the Amish! This means that if not enough Trump supporters get out and vote, hes still guaranteed to win. What a happy day this is!!!\nAlways knew that Amish recognize right from wrong.\nGod bless the Amish! God bless Donald Trump!\nMy friend was worried that she wasnt going to be able to get off work and vote because her boss said he would fire her because hes a Clinton supporter (HORRIBLE I know, right?)\nWell, now it doesnt matter because we got Amish who got this locked up for a Donald Trump presidency in 2016!!! God Bless the Amish! God Bless Donald Trump! God bless America because were gonna make it GREAT again!!!\nThats against the law. she could him for discrimination.\nThats against the law. She could sue for discrimination.\nwhy wouldnt they they dont fight for this country like Trump avoided the military.  He is a communist and they are just as racist as he is.\nOur nation is in a mess.\nGod and the Amish our are only hope.\nI know trump isnt a saint.\nWake up America!\nGet out and vote if you can for Trump, but just pray that the Amish come through like they say they are and vote\nGod bless the Amish! This mean that even though, we in Washington State, have nothing but absentee ballots that can be changed, Mr Trump will still win!!!\nIt makes me so happy that I wont have to miss work to go and vote now. My boss is such a dick. Anyway, thank you Amish, GOD BLESS!!!\nWe need the Amish to vote now, I know they will if they say theyre gonna do something, they will. A Donald Trump Presidential victory is going to happen!!!\n30 million, not 20 million, come on abc i love trump, but i want you to be truthful more.\nIm a Trump supporter but something is fishy here.  According to Wikipedia there is more than 20 million Amish those are just the voting ones. The AAB says they have 20 million voting (all the Amish will be voting they say).\nSo how many more Amish are going to be voting?? This is GREAT NEWS!! Especially since I wasnt going to be able to get off work and vote. Now I dont have to feel bad because the Amish will have me covered. Thank you AAB and the Amish!!!! God Bless you!!!\nBy law you have the right to do it and your job has to give you the time to do it or they could face a lawsuit, in most states. Not in states like Arizona though that are right to work states. They can fire you if you go and vote and they dont want you too.\nThank God for the Ammish who will be saving the day! God Bless em!!!! We will have a Donald Trump victory regardless if anyone votes besides the Amish or not, but we do nee the Amish vote. And everything Ive seen about a Donald Trump win is guaranteed! God bless the Amish!\nPeople, as much as I hope and pray that Donald Trump wins this election, there is no Amish American Brothethood. If anyone can prove that there is, please, correct me. I may just join up.\nIm a Trump supporter but something is fishy here. According to Wikipedia there is more than 20 million Amish those are just the voting ones. The AAB says they have 20 million voting (all the Amish will be voting they say).\nSo how many more Amish are going to be voting?? This is GREAT NEWS!! Especially since I wasnt going to be able to get off work and vote. Now I dont have to feel bad because the Amish will have me covered. Thank you AAB and the Amish!!!! God Bless you!!!\nPraise the Lord!!! Thank you Jesus!!!\nAnd now, thanks to the Amish (nice beards), me and all the fellows in my fraternity can just stay down at the Klavern and drink all day next Tuesday like usual instead of having to bathe and get dressed and go down to the voting place. Hopefully all the rest of Herr Drumpfs supporters are as lucky as us and can skip voting too.\nI love the Amish now GOD BLESS EM!!!\nI think this  is an erroneous websitethere are fewer than 300,000 Amish in North America, not 3 million as this article begins. Anyway, how could 3 miilion Amish fit in Columbus? Bizarre that Amish pacifism would support Trump.\nFoul language shold be omitted from comments . Freedom of speech should not allow one to  be disrespectful to those who dont want to read stupidity but simply the facts\nI cant vote because im not old enough put I wanted bernie sanders to win but he didnt trump did so I hope he strenthen ties with cuba because all the cars and products we buy from china can be sold to cuda\nDont like trump and dont like clinton", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-08T06:30:37-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "COLUMBUS, OH (AP) \u2014 History was made today in Columbus, Ohio when more than 3 million Amish poured into the city to see the American Amish Brotherhood (AAB), an organization which acts as an informal governing body for the Amish community, endorse Donald Trump for president. That number represents a significant portion of the total Amish population, which the United States Census Bureau says numbers more than 20 million men and women nationwide all pledging their vote to Trump for President. With the full force of the Amish community behind him, Donald Trump is now mathematically guaranteed to win the presidency in November."}
{"title": "Building an API in 60 seconds, without any server setup - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/building-an-api-in-60-seconds-without-any-server-setup/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Tech", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Obama Signs Executive Order Allowing Muslims To Swear On Quran Instead Of Bible In Court - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/executive-order-allows-muslims-to-swear-on-quran-instead-of-bible/", "text": "WASHINGTON  President Barack Obama signed an executive order today that allows Muslims to swear on the Quran instead of the Bible before testifying in a court of law.\nSpeaking at a press conference this afternoon, Obama explained the reasons behind his decision.\nIts time we recognize the Muslim people and their religion in this country and give them all the exact same rights as every other American, Obama said. There is no reason that a Muslim should have to take an oath on a book that he or she does not believe in. We need to respect the Muslim people and their beliefs and that is what I have done today by issuing this executive order.\nThe most significant effect of the executive order is the new oath. As it currently stands, before testifying, abailiff will ask the person on the stand to place their left hand on the Bible, raise their right hand and say, Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? With the new oath, while the Muslim has their right hand raised and left hand placed on the Quran, the bailiff will ask them, Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you Allah?\nKhaled Matei who is a member of the Muslim Brotherhoods Freedom and Justice Party told ABC News he is pleased with Obama and his actions.\nI spoke with President Obama by telephone today and personally thanked him for what he is doing to help the Muslim community, Matei said. This is definitely a step in the right direction I explained to him. Praise Allah.\nIts no wonder we have so many problems in this country,David Mikkelson from Snopes.com said. If Id had my wits about me Id have told them that taking God out of the courtroom is only going to result in more criminals and murderers. I dont know what can be done about it, but its time for us to step up and DO something.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with Obamas decision.\nI think its only fair that we allow Muslims the same rights that Christians have in this country. Why should a Muslim person have to take an oath on a book they dont believe in? Bradley said. Everyone in this country needs to be treated fairly, and that is why we dedicate so much of our time in helping the homeless. I sincerely want to thank everyone that has supported our cause by donating money or new socks, it means so much! In addition to that, Im proud to say that Sock It Forward will be at the Phoenix Open all this week thanks to donations from Uber and Stance Socks, I swear to God, Bradley laughed.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, whose real name is Paul Horner, is a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country speaking to elementary school children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he does not agree with what Obama is doing.\nAll Muslims do all day is sit around and self-rape, Horner said. And now this Muslim president of ours, wants to give Muslims the exact same rights as us loving and caring Christians have? Its pathetic and unconstitutional! America could be great again, but not with Muslims running around here, blowing everything up, and masturbating.\nCourt rooms also allow affirmations to those who object to taking an oath. An affirmation has exactly the same legal effect as an oath, but is usually taken to avoid the religious implications of an oath; it is thus legally binding but not considered a religious oath.\nThe new executive order that allows Muslims to swear on the Quran in court instead of the Bible takes effect March 1st.\nAnother typical move by our Muslim president, giving more rights to his terrorist friends. Makes me so mad!\nIll break someones nose if I see them swearing on the Quran. This country was founded as a Christian nation, but thanks to Obummer hes doing everything to put an end to that. Lets make America great again! Trump in 2016!!!\nTaking an oath on the Bible or the Quran is pointless. They might as well use a coloring book instead\nfuck Islam!\nI for one welcome our new Muslim overlords. Unemployment is down, Walmarts are closing, the gays are happy, and McDonalds is having its worst year ever. Maybe the Arabs know more about running things in this country than the Christians do. Praise be to Allah!\n*its\nFor me as a foreigner its amazing how many Americans fight for the second amendment of their constitution. They should remember there is also a first amendment to the constitution. BTW Im an atheist, what shall I swear on?\nIm a Christian and I support this. In fact, I would prefer to be sworn in on a Quran than a Bible. Aloha snackbar!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-02-07T09:15:54-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON \u2014 President Barack Obama signed an executive order today that allows Muslims to swear on the Quran instead of the Bible before testifying in a court of law."}
{"title": "Michael Jordan To North Carolina: 'HB2 Goes Or The Charlotte Hornets Go' - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/michael-jordan-hb2-goes-or-the-charlotte-hornets-go/", "text": "CHARLOTTE N.C. (AP)  NBA legend and Charlotte Hornets owner, Michael Jordan, held a press conference today, announcing his intentions to move the Hornets out of North Carolina if the state does not revoke its controversial HB2 law.\nWith this new law in place, North Carolina currently does not have any anti-discrimination protection in place, something that is vital, not just for our fans but for everyone, Jordan told reporters. We are giving the state of North Carolina 30 days to repeal this law or they can expect the the Charlotte Hornets to play elsewhere. I want to make it clear that neither the Hornets nor I will not stand for this type of intolerance and hate.\nJordans comments come after the North Carolina legislature passed HB2 back in March, a law which requires transgender individuals to use public restrooms according to the biological sex on their birth certificate.\nPaul Horner, a spokesman for the Charlotte Hornets, told ABC News that the team is currently talking to several cities about a possible relocation if the state decides to keep HB2 intact.\nWe are currently in talks with certain individuals in the cities of Austin and Seattle, among others, Horner said. We sincerely hope it does not come to moving the team, but in the event North Carolina does not revoke the law, we must be prepared for the worse.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she agrees with Michael Jordan taking a stand against North Carolina and HB2.\nIf anyone can get a bigoted law like HB2 revoked, its Michael Jordan, Bradley said. There were plenty of laws already in place before HB2. It doesnt matter if youre a man, woman, transgender, or what bathroom you use; if youre in there longer than five minutes after using the restroom, someone is going to call the cops. Creepy men or women doing creepy things in a restroom gets you on a sex offender list and you go to prison for such crimes. In fact, in the history of North Carolina, not one transgender individual has ever been convicted of a sexually related crime in a restroom. This new law is about people living in fear, gathering together around their weird ideologies and religious beliefs to create more intolerance and hate in this world, bottom line. This ridiculous law has also given me insight into the working mind of a far right-wing Republican. Apparently there are serious amounts of orgies and other sexual activities going on in bathrooms that I never knew about. Bradley laughs, On a serious note; I sincerely want to thank everyone that has donated socks or money to our cause Sock It Forward. Socks are the least donated items but the most desired; it helps the homeless so much and your support has put smiles on so many faces. Thank you.\nSince Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law back in March, well over 5,000 jobs have been moved out of state, and over 400 companies, including Facebook, Apple, Paypal, Pyramid Country and StopPack, have expressed concern or anger, warning they may move or cancel plans to expand, costing the state millions of dollars. Entertainers such as Pearl Jam, Ringo Starr, Bryan Adams, Bruce Springsteen and Cirque du Soleil have also canceled their performances in North Carolina to boycott the law. Pressure has been put on the NBA to cancel the All-Star game in North Carolina next year and this week NBA Commissioner Adam Silver clarified the leagues willingness to move the 2017 All-Star Game out of Charlotte if North Carolina legislators do not overturn the new state law. It is still unclear what kind of an economic impact these boycotts will have on the states economy as a whole. NBC estimates that North Carolina has lost $186 million in revenue due to boycotts so far. ABC News puts that figure well above $300 million.\nJordan finished the press conference by reiterating his demands.\nAs my organization has stated previously, the Charlotte Hornets and Hornets Sports & Entertainment are opposed to discrimination in any form, and we have always sought to provide an inclusive environment, Jordan said. As has been the case since the building opened, we will continue to ensure that all fans, players and employees feel welcome while at work or attending NBA games. If that means moving the team out of the state if North Carolina doesnt repeal HB2, then that is what we are prepared to do. I urge you all to call Governor Pat McCrorys Office and voice your concerns. Together we can keep the Hornets in North Carolina!\nNorth Carolina residents can call Gov. Pat McCrory at 1-800-662-7952. For individuals living outside of North Carolina, call (919) 814-2000. After normal business hours, call (919) 814-2050 and press option 3.\nAbout time Jordan took a stand against this stupid law! Good for him!\nAh come on, Michael divorced his black wife and got him a white wife. What every black man wants is white pu**y. No big deal if he moves the loser basketball team.\nTyrone Strand  Do you practice being stupid or were you born that way?  Are you so ignorant to think he would spend over $100 Million dollars on a basketball team just to get a white woman?  He could get almost any white woman he wants for free! He is correct in doing this so everyone, even an ignorant idiot like you do not have to worry about which bathroom he could use.  He should be considered a big hero.  If you do not like what he did, contact the governor and demand he get rid of this terrible law!\nOh please shut up. Jordan should be saying something about Black men being shot by cops but you hear NOTHING. Instead he weighs in on this idiocy. You worry about the rights of TRANSGENDER people (no such thing, you cannot change your gender  sorry fool) but no concern for people who dont want to pee with the opposite sex stranger next to them. Look you want to solve the problem then make all bathrooms ONE AT A TIME AND EITHER SEX. Ive seen them. Make them all this way to accomodate TRANSGENDERS and all you crying liberal minded fools.\nAND YES  Jordan is your typical BM who ran and got him a WHITE woman because that is the dream. White women know it  why dont you?\nTyrone, Your gay is showing.\nThis has nothing to do with Michaels personal life.  If you are married, you married who you wanted to so why cant Michael?  It bothers me when some people are so sanctimonious when they dont agree with what a person does.  While you are focusing on Michaels personal life, focus on the something more relevent like the person who is representing the Republican party in the upcoming Presidential electionnow this is frightening!  Leave Michael alone.\nSorry you lost your white girlfriend to a black man and never got over it. Thats why you spend your time on the internet taking swipes at us  the only thing that gives you hard feelings. Really sad.\nHis wife is Cuban, not white clown! And one thing, has nothing to do with the other.\n1.His wife is Cuban, not white!\n2. The team had a winning record, and made the playoffs!\n3. You are a clown, that would never say any of this to a persons face! The Internet was made for guy like you. Faceless tough guys.\nyou are a STUPID Moron\nHis wife is not white she is Latino from Cuba.\nHe proposed to his longtime girlfriend, Cuban-American model Yvette Prieto, on Christmas Eve, 2011,[187] and they were married on April 27, 2013, at Bethesda-by-the-Sea Episcopal Church.[188][189] It was announced on November 30, 2013, that the two were expecting their first child together.[190][191] Jordan listed his Highland Park mansion for sale in 2012.[175] On February 11, 2014, Prieto gave birth to identical twin daughters named Victoria and Ysabel. Michael Jordan, Yvette Prieto welcome twin girls, CBS News, February 12, 2014. Retrieved February 20, 2014\nTyrone, your jealousy is showing. maybe you zip that thing up, before someone see it, and starts laughing at you? Go home now.. You girlfriend needs a little air..Pssssssst!\nAt least he has a dick which is more than I can say for you. I cant tell whats worse your username or your grammar.\nExcuse me, please. I dont live in NC, but if I understand what youre saying, you want any man to be able to walk into a womens restroom and pull it out and take a leak right there in front of whoever  women, little girls, maybe you ??? Are you planning to put urinals in ladies restrooms too ? Are you really that stupid ?\nIn front of who, exactly? Are they taking others into the stall with them? If theyre in the ladies room theyre using a toilet, not a urinal. They dont want to draw attention to their genitals. Moron.\nNope,  you dont understand it properly.\nI believe you are the one who is stupid.  Trans women have no interest in doing anything in a male form.  They would sit on the toilet, like any woman, and how many womens rooms have open toilets?\nWell how the heck do you know that, ya mean now that they are using a womans bathroom they are not going to stand and pee but sit and pee?\nYour ignorance is showing. FYI!\nJean, use a little logic.  If a woman in a stall saw the shoes of someone in the next stall facing the toilet, wouldnt it out that person?\nBTW, if youre fearing that some man might dress as a woman with the idea of rape (which occurs less than alleged cases of voter fraud), then you might want to keep children out of public parks.  Theres a greater chance of pervs hanging out there with plenty of places to lure a child.\nMaybe keep the child at home  wait, some cases of child sexual abuse have occurred within families.\nYes, that is exactly what happens.  Trans women go into a stall and sit down to pee, just like any woman.  Transwomen are NOT men.  They may have male genetilia but they are not men.  They go to great lengths to not be seen as men.\nI am confident that even you are well aware that this law is about TRANSGENDER individuals being able to use the restroom that matches their gender identity.  Nobody whips ANYTHING out in ladies rooms  they are either made for one occupant or have a shared sink and mirror area and individual LOCKING stalls.  FYI, transgender folks have been sharing public restrooms with you and me as long as there have been public restrooms  you just didnt know it because trans folks look just like you and me.                             There has never been an incident of a trans person assaulting anyone in a restroom; this is clearly a solution without a problem.  There are plenty of laws to protect people in or outside restrooms  laws about voyeurism, indecent exposure, assault, rape, fraud, etc.  It is clear to me that little Susie will be much more upset if a bearded, muscular, masculine individual follows her into the ladies room in order to comply with a birth certificate law than she will if someone who looks just like Mommy uses the stall next to her in the restroom.  If you are really worried about your little girl in a public restroom, then make sure that there are no priests, family friends, uncles, coaches and Republican Congressmen nearby.  Although no transgender folks have ever assaulted anyone in a restroom, members of all those other groups have been charged with sex offenses.  And no, there is no need for urinals in ladies rooms, although many stores and restaurants in Europe, as well as pretty much ALL porta-potties manage to exist with both urinals and toilets, and serve all gender identities without issues.\nI agree 100% but sorry, I think you may be a little over confident\nYou ucking fasshole.\nHey man! Good well thought out response. It must be true. Ignorance is bliss. Bet you are voting Trump. You ucking fasshole.\nWhat is being said is: Yes, any Female, who now identifies as Male, can walk into the Mens Restroom, walk into a stall, lock the door, and do their business.\nYes, any Male, who now identifies as Female, can walk into the Womens restroom, walk into a stall, lock the door, and do their business.\nNot exactly right in front of.  I mean, I understand you ARE in North Caroline so maybe I need to clarify that here in the State of Ohio, we have fancy doors and locks on stall in our restrooms.  Maybe NC needs to get some of these fancy doors and locks.\nAnd no.. this doesnt mean urinals go into the Womens Restrooms.  Are YOU really that stupid?\nyou want any man to be able to walk into a womens restroom and pull it out and take a leak right there in front of whoever\nTHEY HAVE STALLS YOU MORON. ANYONE WHO PULLS IT OUT WILL HAVE TO DO SO IN A STALL. They will have to pee in the same toilet everyone else pees in.\nI think you already showed us what stupid is.\nDon, do you not realize that many transgendered folks have reconstructive surgery and they have no it to pull out?\nAre you really this stupid?\nThom\nhttp://myfox8.com/2016/03/29/myths-vs-facts-about-house-bill-2-released-by-nc-gov-pat-mccrorys-office/\nIve seen that question and answer session before  its pathetic. Nothing more than propaganda and conservative talking points.\nThis law simply says people must use the bathroom of the sex listed on their birth certificate. Anyone who has undergone a sex change can change their sex on their birth certificate.\n(quoted from above URL)\nSo you are going to be checking everyones birth certificates before entering the restroom? Maybe demand ID (of course anyone not in NC can get that changed? Going to do genital checks? Exactly how do you conservative morons plan on ENFORCING this law?\nMichael Jordan for President!!!\nWow, a nigger defending queers and cross dressers, imagine that\nDonald: you must member of the NC General Assembly.\nDonald: you must member of the NC General Assembly, because you clearly dont have the facts.\nWow, a hilljack who doesnt realize its the 21st Century, imagine that\nWell, just look at the racist jackass here.\nFuck you, asshole\nDonny boy.\n It will be such a pleasure to watch your state become the forgotten, rotten back water that it is becoming.\nADIOS ASSHOLE!!!!!!!\nWow, a homophobic dumbass and a racist stupid enough to believe that this is an actual news site.\nAww you sad?\nhow ignorant are you to even comment\nYes, soon only bigoted racists like you will be left in South Carolina.  Then youll all starve to death because you wont be getting any Federal aid.\nDonald Snyder, youre a disgrace to humanity.  In addition you are less than a human, less than the lowest low on this planet.  I truly feel very sorry for your family that such a despicable person as yourself can be related to them!\nDonald Snyder, Michael Jordan is much more a man than you pretend to be.  Your post says a whole lot about how your parent raised you, if you had parents at all.  Your problem is you need  a bitch slap up side your empty head to knock some common sense into it.  What a low life you are!  Please dont pretend to be a real male person cause you already failed that test.\nDonald dont forget to spit out that snuff. I know chewing and playing that banjo is hard to do at the same time\nFU Coward\nDonald Snyder just show why there racist party is just about done for. The level of ignorance and inbreeding is breath taking in it scope and depth of ignorance. Just goes to show you why we should have walled off the south after we kicked there asses in the civil war\nYoure a moron and that guys a racist.\nWow, youre a real piece of shit.\nMake sure you use oxy-clean to get the smokey smell out of your bed sheet uniform and pointy hood before tomorrows cross burning, Bubba.\nDonald Snyder, Ive got to give you credit.  Its not easy to pack that much racism, bigotry and sheer stupidity into ten words.  Then again, Im guessing you have a lot of practice.\nWow, a racist moron in an internet articles comments section, imagine that!\nSo your crowning achievement is that your momma took a white dick. You must be so proud.\nWow, an idiot racist bigot insulting people, imagine that.\nWhat the actual fuck decade and/or planet are you actually from, child?\nI would rather be a nigger, a queer, or a transgender than a self-righteous BIGGOT!\nDonald youre the only nigger I see  :  /\nHello Donald Trump.  KMA\nPretty talented, there, Snyder. You typed that while humping your sister and blowing a goat on your uncle daddys porch outside Mt. Airy. That goat think yall got a pretty mouth?\nOk nigga,\nWhile we other people bebdefending ur black ass rights like how we rid that black washrooms and whites washrooms kinda shit, guess what, now its the queers turn. If you aint cool with them just trying to do their human business than you can close ur fucking eyes and go shit somewhere else. But trans people and queers gotta pee too. Dont forget they are humans with bladders and kidneys.\nI agree  with  with  this pink pig shiit hunkie you wont be happy till someone  gets raped I hope your Lil girl  see a big cock\nPat McCrory! Our state has lost millions of dollars because of your stupid bigoted beliefs and now were ready to lose our basketball team too! Get your head out of your dumb ass and revoke this law already!\nWow, a keyboard warrior throwing insults that were popular in the racist 1950s, imagine that\nThis is major heads are exploding all over NC as we speak; and its beautiful.\nA painful oversimplification of the law. HB2 has a piece about transgender bathroom use, but there is way more to the law that has nothing to do with bathrooms or transgender individuals. It negates all anti-discrimination ordinances, prevents discrimination lawsuits from being taken to state courts, prohibits local governments from raising their minimum wages, etc. Its an utterly shameful piece of legislation that was introduced under a thin veil of protecting women and children in bathrooms, forced through in a single day, and signed into law by our shady and corrupt governor that same night. But weve got all these ignorant, backwoods residents who cant grasp the reality of the situation and instead just celebrate the discrimination against them queers and cross dressers.\nYou are correct.  It was more than another anti-LGBT piece of legislation; North Carolina residents should fear the partial loss of home rule.\nIt is interesting: Republican members of Congress tell us lower governments (read: state) know better about their issues than the federal government.  Guess state legislators dont believe the same about county/local governments.\nWell said! Some else who really knows what the Republican hypocrites are really upto. Get people fighting over a small issue while they sneak in what they really wanted to accomplish.\nPerfectly stated.\nIt is obvious that Michael Jordan has not read the damn bill nor has the NBA read  the damn bill and the Hypocrites NBA I dont see any damn transgender referees running around the damn Court or any transgender clock operators. plus they deal with China and China hates transgenders and gays. what a bunch of hypocrites Michael Jordan can take the Hornets and shove it right up his candy ass\nWell, even if the NBA had transgender refs, You probably wouldnt know.. because we dont wear signs that say HEY LOOK IM TRANS! Trans people try very hard to be passing(look like the gender they identify as) So of course you wouldnt see trans refs if they were in the games, cause they pass as the gender they identify as.  And as for the China issue, they cant do much about that because they dont live there whereas the Hornets are from NC and so this bill would effect them should they have someone now or in the future on their team that is trans(i know the bill covers more than just the trans bathroom issue) but also, not just the lgbtqa+ community has faced discriminations in the past and now, but so have people of color.. and thats what Michael Jordan is.. A person of color, who had probably faced discrimination himself at some point in his life. Sooo In all fairness, him doing this, is not hypocritical at all.\nBut no.. Keep wallowing in your white cis(identifying as the gender assigned at birth) privilege where you think everything is all hunkey dory.\nNever heard of them.  Why should I care?  This fascist support of the homosexual agenda is creepy.\nIt has nothing to do with the so-called homosexual agenda.  You just proved that you no absolutely nothing about being transgender, and until you do, you really have nothing to say on the topic.  This bill is useless; its unenforceable, and just the latest kneejerk reaction to a non-issue.  While youre worried about all of the transwomen invading the ladies room, the real perverts are going to have a field day, because nobodys watching.  How ironic would it be if a transwomen actually prevented your wife or daughter from being attacked by a sexual predator (we feel the same way about perverts as you do; they come after us, too)?  Just sayin.\nThe big bust is coming. The US Dept. of Justice has notified both UNC and McCrory that if this law is not rescinded by Monday, Federal funds will cease. UNC alone could lose 1.5 Billion dollars. And much more in direct state aid. McCrory has defiantly said that there will be no accommodation by Monday or any other day.\nWhose job is it to run the state anyway? It seems like everybody other than the state legislature gas been trying to make the law in NC. I dont live there, but if I did, Id expect the state lawmakers to make the laws and if I didnt like the way they did their job, then Id try to get them replaced later this year. After all, it is an ELECTION year. Isnt that the way its supposed to work ?\nSo Don, what do you do about the hundreds of millions of dollars of buisness being lost by the state in the mean time? It has been about 45 days since the law as passed and there has already been an estimate $180 million lost. By the end of June it will be around it could be the $1.5 billion the Federal government is going to withhold.  And the funny thing about it is, that no one knew there was a problem to correct until the legislators and the governor acted.  So the state of North Carolina needs to figure out how it is going to pay for public education and roads without federal funds and with a reduced tax base from the fleeing businesses. Oh yea, and dont forget England has put out a travel advisory to their citizens on travel to North Carolina to beware of discriminatory practices and laws of that state. I hope North Carolina gets what it wishes for  they can either join the world in being tolerant and non-discriminatory or they can wave bye-bye to big businesses who will not live in such a state.  North Carolinaits up to you.\nAh come on, Mikey knows where its at. He divorced his black wife and got a white wife. Hes like most black men, they like white pus*y. Move that loser basketball team out of North Carolina, they are a disgrace to North Carolina.\nGive them what they want, and when it backfires, rub it in their faces.\nGive them what they want. And when it backfires, rub it in their faces.\nBless you thanks!\nMoney dont make a man as we can see. If you dont stand for something youll fall for anything. Sick,  MJ ,in chains, being used to pursued others its acceptable, except its not to the Creator.  I bet on God, no one  lives  forever,  He didnt ask your opinion when you where  created.  Lol, how you think you can overrule the Creator cause you have something you cant take with you\nthats your creator; your god; Im sorry but we all dont believe in your god.\nOf all the things of importance, arguing about a toilet . Like little kids, if i cant have it my way, Im taking my ball. Will a real man please stand up.\nI agree give them what they want it will backfire its like were being forced\nThe media  including ABC News  is playing into the hands of the politicians by stressing the hype on the transgender issue.  HB2 is not just about transgender bathroom issues. By stressing bathroom phobias, NC politicians are getting by with far more underhanded dealings. The conservative hype is smoke and mirrors, an effort to divert attention from the inane deviousness that continues to prevail the states capitol. Jordan clearly said, With this new law in place, North Carolina currently does not have any anti-discrimination protection in place Though NC is a right-to-work state, there were still avenues available to ANY citizen in the event of discrimination for ANY reason (gender, race, origin, etc).  However, this bill REVOKES all rights of North Carolinians to file a lawsuit within the NC court system for discrimination and forces filings to be with the federal government which will bog down the fed system even more.  Even more disgusting is that the bill was suggested by a conservative out-of-state organization that donates campaign funds to some of the legislators. Local lawmakers rushed the bill through in 12 hours, not giving time to consider wording or repercussions. It was a pure power play. Instead of doing investigative reporting, the news outlets are just skimming reports from the top and not diving in deeper to see the bigger problem.  Then, outsiders dont understand the entire issue, and trolls poke fun at transgender people.  People dont want to know the truth any more, and the news doesnt provide it.\nI dont understand why people are making such a big deal about the hb2. Dont it make since that if you have a penis go to the mens room and if you have a vagina go to the ladies room. Why is that a problem?\nlove your logic.  Amen!\nHey Mr. Jordan,\nWhat if instead, you donated a portion of ticket sales to equality groups based in NC that can fight the powers that be..?\nKeep them in the Carolinas! The Charleston hornets sounds nice\nIt doesnt matter to me that a transgender individuals genitals want be seen by the naked eye. I dont want to  use a bathroom with a man. There are gay people in my family.  They never tried to holler foul because of their life style. Are we turning into communists society?  Forcing peoples issues on every body. What will be next. U agree Pat McCrory needs to be put on a boat that is going directly to HELL!  To man who thought he insulted Michael Jordan. Your great granddaddies boned alot of slaves.  Please believe me when i say black blood runs deep in his veins.  Wonder how many transgender women will be using the mens restroom? I will be glad when Jesus returns and puts an end to all this foolishness again ?????\nThe only reason the NBA and the Hornets are complaining and threatening NC is that the Time Warner Arena is owned by the city, therefore it falls under the NC law. If they dont like it then buy it from the city and they can make the bathroom rules they want. Since the Charlotte City Commission passed a stupid ordinance that forced all businesses to all whoever to go to whatever bathroom they wish and forced the state legislature to pass this law to stop the city ordinance from going into effect on April 1st the city commissioners should give them a deal to buy the arena. The NBA has anti-bullying commercials, but is bullying NC over this law. Its one thing to disagree with it, but to threaten to pull the All-Star game or to move over it is hypocritical on their part.\nThey literally can do anything they want. McCrory is an inexperienced butt kisser (well not with butt kissing) that does what hes told, the old rich dudes in NC dont want anything good in this state, I doubt a pro game in state affects their bottom line at all. They could care less if the team leaves or not, the fact that its a moronic pro ball team and not just some moronic performer makes no difference to them, only thing that could happen will be that McCrory falters and helps to repeal HB2 and gets fired in the process and will never be re-elected, of course he doesnt have a chance as it is now so either way hes going to lose. Wow that make me kind of happy.\nI do not agree with some of the attachments that come with the HB2 law and if it was just a bathroom issue nothing should not have been attached to it,with that said I do not agree with the opposite sex in restroom with children just because their thinking tells them they are something that they are not.I am a man but if I went to downtown USA anywhere and started flapping my arms like I had wings and stated I am a bald eagle,would that make me a eagle?maybe by now I might be called a bigot and not loving.I would like to share this with you,I know what it is like to be spit on,being held down while someone pisses in your face,to be shot at with a 12 gauge shotgun all because I was a different race than they where,so if anyone can be angry about discrimination I think I qualify.We will never get ahead by calling each other names and degrading one another.We are all the human race,we all bleed the same color which is red.To love and respect all people will go a long way.God Bless\nYou telling another what his mind knows and telling them they are not who they are, is a bigot.  You are wrong.  You are treating them just as badly as any other discrimination like you stated you faced.  You actually had it better than any transgender who is now discriminated on by people who were racially bigoted against. You got to go home and feel safe being who you were.  Transgender do not a lot. They are not the opposite sex of the bathroom they gender identify with.  Their biological birth parts were an anomaly to their inner soul /mindeset.  No one should have the right to tell another human being who they are and where they have to use a restroom because of it.  It isnt about being sexual in the bathroom, thats transphobic rhetoric and fear, nothing more.  I hope you allow some room for growth in yourself as a person and think about it truthfully..\nIs it too late for torches and pitchforks? I guess we could just stick with tar and feathers honestly neither one is good enough for McCrory and the fat cats that tell him what to do. He is basically just a whore, WHOA sorry about that, did not mean to insult any ladies of the night here.\nAre we so spoiled that the best cause we have is where we go to the bathroom? And that goes for both sides of this piddly issue.\nI would think that the Golden State Warriors would take issue with the Hornets moving to San Francisco, seeing that they are in Oakland, and SF is considered their territory.  Austin, or maybe Louisville (but only if their legislature voted down the anti-trans bathroom bills that came up in 2015 and this year), would be more suitable options.  The Kentucky Colonels, I think, were one of the best, if not the best supported team in the old ABA.\nI like the discussion here. giving us a chance to discuss our opinions (and for some drunken and drugged trailer-park moochers of we taxpayers to vent their bigotry) about this law.\nI guess Republicans planned to have female police officers peek under stall doors to check genitalia.  As for forcing trans women into mens rooms, I pray the state gets forced into bankruptcy once these women get raped.\nIts ok to BOYCOTT North Carolina and Indiana over discrimination/racism, but not Israel over their discrimination/racism of Palestinians?\nOf course it is O.K. Are you out of your mind? With so much injustice in the world, if we didnt make choices like that we would go insane.\nTHE SO-CALLED NC BATHROOM BILL IS ACTUALLY PRIMARILY AN ANTI-LABOR BILL THAT STOLE THE RIGHT OF MUNICIPALITIES TO RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE IN THEIR LOCATIONS, AND IT REMOVES WORKERS RIGHTS TO FILE EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION SUITS IN THE NC STATE COURT.\nGoogle NC House Bill 2 to locate a copy of the bill:\nThe whole bathroom use portion of the bill was deliberately put in as a red herring smokescreen to completely distract public attention from the REAL purpose of this fascist takeover move by the North Carolina Robber Barons.\nSPREAD THIS AS WIDELY AS POSSIBLE. THE SAME KIND OF THING MAY BE HAPPENING IN YOUR STATE, TOO!\nEric Byler reporting for The Young Turks.\nCivil Rights leader Rev. Dr. William Barber II has asked participants not to respond to counter-protesters in support of the new law requiring proof that a person use the bathroom that corresponds to the gender of their birth.\nHe has also said, Please dont call House Bill 2 The Bathroom Bill. because if you read Section 2 and Section 3, it also takes away the right of municipalities to increase the minimum wage. NC Republicans need the bathroom hysteria headlines to cover up this attack on the Fight for 15, because their actions would be deeply unpopular with voters if they did this straight up. 80% of North Carolinians support increasing the minimum wage.\nNorth Carolina Republicans are stoking bigotry, he asserts, and using the trans-gender community to disguise a cynical attack on labor, women, and families on behalf of business interests, and, to rally the base of the Republican party for Novembers crucial election.\nThere are historical comparisons in which African Americans have been scapegoated and used in this way, including the wave of terrorism that overturned democratically elected biracial governments in the South in the decades following the Civil War, and the hateful electioneering of former NC Senator Jesse Helms.\nThus, the the multi-faith and multi-racial Moral Movement is organizing a mass sit-in on Monday to expose the hidden agenda behind the so-called Bathroom Bill.\nInstead of The Bathroom Bill, call it The Anti worker, Anti-Living wage, Anti-Family, Anti-Women, Anti-Civil Rights, Anti-Gay, Anti-Transgender Bill.\nGOP lawmakers hoped wed focus on the bathroom controversy, and not read Sec 2 and Sec. 3 which prohibit city governments such as Charlottes and Greensboros from requiring contractors to pay a living wage and afford workers with vacation sick leave.\nIt also takes away the ability to file employment discrimination suits in in state court.\nToo many in the news media fall for the sensationalism of the Ted Cruz argument that little girls will fall prey to sexual predators if their entry to girls bathrooms is not prohibited by state law.\nThe Orwellian moniker, Religious Freedom reminds historians of previous dishonest, hate-based movements cloaked in false religiosity.\nThe 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guaranteed for the first time that people who had been legally codified as three-fifths persons would enjoy equal protection under the law in this country.\nBut the very notion of equal protection under law for African Americans was so offensive that it inspired a violent, orchestrated backlash, led by terrorist organizations such as the KKK working in concert with former slave owner/aristocrat/politicians.\nRemind me the last time the Hornets went Anywhere\nin the playoffs. Keeping men out of womens\nbathrooms, and losing a loser basketball\nfranchise. Sounds like a win win for NC.\nIt is not just restrooms, but womens locker rooms and showers and dressing rooms. This is not right. This is not just a trans thing, but will allow men to go into confined areas where women are very vulnerable.\nJust put the word penis on the door.. and put the word vagina on the door.. PERIOD!  no more images or symbols.. if you have a PENIS, use that door.. if you have a VAGINA, use that door..\nPersonally I have my beliefs Its a man or a woman and wouldnt it be cheaper just to build another damn bathroom?\nFuck Michaeljust another tree monkey\nI think if you own a private facility you should be able to control it the way you wish when it comes to this law. Meaning if you dont wish to make a transgender person use the bathroom in which they were born then you also accept all the lawsuits that come with it if someone does happen to file one. We can all sit here and say what wont happen but some people take advantage of laws and whos to say a man wont dress as a woman to do just thatTake advantage of being able to go in a bathroom behind a little girl? People are saying that there are no accounts of sexual act or rapes happening in bathrooms across America but thats not true. I think the Government needs to pay for bathroom attendants to ensure that no one is hurt and thats security for not only the children but the transgender person as well. If they have attendants  on sight you prevent things from happening and you dont lose the businesses that want you to repeal this law oh plus you add more jobs. The attendant will be required to check the bathrooms every ten or fifteen minutes when the area is crowded. Jordan should have the right to do as he feels as long as he has adequate  security\nThis is such a BS. An issue without a way to implement it.\n If Obama gets his way, how will it be implemented?\nWill the transgender have to dress appropriately for the bathroom/locker-room they are entering?\nIf you do not dress in their transgender clothing, can they still go into the same bathroom/locker-room they want?\nWill we have Thought Police outside the bathroom/locker-room doors to check their thought/credentials before entering?\nHow do you declare yourself Transgender?\nIs there a waiting period after declaring yourself Transgender before you can go into your declared gender bathroom/locker-room?\nI can go on and on, but this is a start.\nJordons quote:\nwe will continue to ensure that all fans, players and employees feel welcome while at work or attending NBA games.\nFor people that do not feel welcome with this new situation, how can he make them feel welcome?\nHi, RW.  Hope all is well.  As I mentioned earlier, I learned this was a faux news site, but at least we get to discuss this in a serious manner.\nThere are guidelines for someone to be considered as transgender: that they are undergoing treatment (androgen blockers, estrogen treatment, support groups, psychiatric oversight), living full-time in the opposite gender.  Usually this information would be provided to school officials and released to staff on a need to know basis.\nAs for the thought police, I may have mentioned this elsewhere, but Ive thought about school security women (or police women in public areas) peeking under staff doors.  Of course, that should make the 99.9 percent of natural women more uncomfortable than having a trans woman in the stall next to them (which they would not know given there would be a wall between them).\nAs for the presidents request, I presume it would be statewide: either HB2 is repealed or the state would lose some of its funding.  Carrot and stick has been done many times before by many administrations.\nBye Dont let the door hit you!!\nSays his organization doesnt tolerate discrimination of any type Wake up call someone is discriminated against just different sides. He is choosing to discrimate against the majority as less than half of one percent of the population is transgender. Far more people and parents are opposed to anyone in any bathroom!\nIts unfortunate someone has to be uncomfortable but if someone does should it not be a few as possible Just common sense!\nDont let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-05-10T09:00:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "CHARLOTTE N.C. (AP) \u2014 NBA legend and Charlotte Hornets' owner, Michael Jordan, held a press conference today, announcing his intentions to move the Hornets out of North Carolina if the state does not revoke its controversial HB2 law."}
{"title": "Show HN: Full Stack Entrepreneur \u2013 A Full Stack Guide To Entrepreneurship - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/show-hn-full-stack-entrepreneur-a-full-stack-guide-to-entrepreneurship/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Street Fashion", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Kim Kardashian Shows Off Deep Cleavage In Plunging Top & Mini - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/kim-kardashian-shows-off-deep-cleavage-in-plunging-top-mini/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Style Hunter", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Show HN: Appsites \u2013 Beautiful websites for mobile - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/show-hn-appsites-beautiful-websites-for-mobile/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Tech", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The Ideal Length of Everything Online, Backed by Research - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/the-ideal-length-of-everything-online-backed-by-research/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Entertainment", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Workout Routine for Big Forearms and a Crushing Grip - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/workout-routine-for-big-forearms-and-a-crushing-grip/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Donald Trump Announces Sheriff Joe Arpaio As His Vice Presidential Running Mate - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/donald-trump-announces-joe-arpaio-as-his-vice-president/", "text": "Yesterday, Sheriff Joe Arpaio officiallyendorsed Donald Trump for president. Today, Trump shocked the country by announcing Arpaio as his pick for Vice Presidential running mate in 2016.\nI have great respect for Joe Arpaio, Trump told reporters. Like me, he understands that we must restore law and order to the border and respect the men and women of our police forces. I thank him for his support of my policies and candidacy for President. He too knows that we can make America great again, and because of this, I am proud to announce Joe Arpaio as my Vice Presidential running mate. And just moments ago, Im happy to report that Arpaio has accepted my offer. So its now official; you will see a Trump-Arpaio ticket come this November.\nDonald Trump is a leader, Arpaio said in a written statement distributed by Trumps presidential campaign. He produces results and is ready to get tough in order to protect American jobs and families. I have fought on the front lines to prevent illegal immigration. I know Donald Trump will stand with me and countless Americans to secure our border. I am proud to support him as the best candidate for President and even prouder to accept his challenge of being the next Vice President of the United States.\nPaul Horner, a spokesman for Trumps campaign told ABC News that a press conference is set for sometime tomorrow to officially announce the news of Trumps pick of Arpaio for his Vice President.\nMost of Trumps supporters are ecstatic to hear about the news of Arpaio being the Vice Presidential running mate for Trump in 2016, but it comes with a cost. Arpaio, an extremely controversial figure, has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. He has been found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, with a monitor appointed to oversee the MCSOs operations. His jails have twice been ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Department of Justice concluded that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling in U.S. history, and subsequently filed a lawsuit against Arpaio for unlawful discriminatory police conduct. Arizona taxpayers have shelled out $8.2 million for outside attorneys in the nearly 4-year-old case, representing a sizable portion of the $50 million that Maricopa County is projected to pay in the lawsuit by next summer. The county has also had to pay out $74 million related to Arpaio that is separate from the racial-profiling costs. That figure includes judgments, settlements and legal fees involving Arpaios office during his tenure, covering such things as lawsuits over jail deaths and the Sheriffs failed investigations of political enemies.\nThe official Maricopa County Sheriffs Office website features a bio of Arpaio that touts his Tent City Accomplishments by providing inmates with the cheapest meals in the U.S. by feeding inmates only twice daily, to cut the labor costs of meal delivery.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News that she does not approve of Trumps pick for Vice President.\nA Donald Trump-Joe Arpaio ticket is like if Hitler came back to life, merged bodies with Satan and then chose evil incarnate as his Vice Presidential running mate, Bradley said. As someone who lives in Phoenix, and deals with the homeless problem there on a daily basis, I can say without a doubt; everyone would be much better without Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Bradley continued, The criminal justice system in Maricopa County is a joke; its a never-ending revolving door. They want you locked up in Arizona. They want you violating your probation, not being able to pay your child support, charging you with as many felonies as possible. All of this, so when you go out and try and get a job, no one will hire you because this Right to Work state is stricter on felons than any other state by far. So for someone with a criminal record, its either a job in telemarketing or going back to crime. And with a felony in this state, youre denied pretty much every type of assistance; and that includes money, food stamps and getting a bed in most homeless shelters. So you have no job, no food and now youre homeless too. And the Phoenix Police go out of their way to harass the homeless population here, its absolutely sickening how they treat them like animals. Even when were handing out socks we get bothered by the police all the time. They act like theyre doing us a favor by allowing us the privilege to give out new socks to people who are forced to sleep outside because some shelter wont take them in because of their past criminal record. So with more and more homeless people in Arizona everyday, more and more crime, police budgets going up, taxes going up, the people here start accepting a police state and Joe Arpaio keeps getting reelected every year.\nArpaio historically has been courted by Republican presidential candidates for endorsements, but never a Vice Presidential nomination. In the 2008 primaries, Arpaio backed former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney over a fellow Arizonan, Sen. John McCain. McCain won the GOP nomination that year.In the 2012 race, Arpaio threw his support to then-Texas Gov. Rick Perry, whose candidacy was also unsuccessful.\nThis is great news! We now finally have a chance to truly make America great again!\nWere finally getting a chance to CLEAN THIS MESS OUT!!!!\nWhat a STRONGGGGGGG TEAM!\nTrue enough, Susan.\nI can smell them from here.\nBen Carson is a better.\nYou are a racist lunatic.  A racist running for President & a sheriff who promotes shooting Mexicans at the border  with NO experience in government?  You are truly insane.\nI have strong reservation over his choice of a running mate. The Sheriff is not a politician and if he has all those scandals tied to him this going to be tough\nMaybe you will be next.\nLoosen your panties Tam ? Your just trembling over real men taking charge again .\ngreat commentlol\nGlad to read the mindless posts from all the ignorant\ngullible know nothing liberal left automatons. Go crawl\nback into your holes, scumbags !\nYou wouldnt know a real msn if your life depended on it.\nYou are right Hal we are kicking out the homos/transgenders and guess what taking back the country.Once we have real men runnning out government and not people such as Obama and Bush in their tutus we will straighten everything out.  I suggest that those who commited treason for so many years get their sneakers on and get the hell out while they canOnce Trump is in this bullshit is over with.  Once and for all seeing we now know what to look for with the Republican/Deomocatic parties.\nYes, you bet we doWe need tough leaders in the WH and the sooner the better!\nif you cant handle it leave the country!\nYoure just pissed because he enforces the LAW.  He will not  take crap from any one, hes tough and thats what we need in country, no more liberal pussies!\nInsane is a good description of Chump the New York Thug Fraud   Apiro ? is a fool for getting mixed up with an imposter\nMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IS CODE WORDS FOR MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN LET US NOT FORGET TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN frown emoticon CODE WORD FOR ) MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN hmm ? I thought America was already great?  A racist running for President & a sheriff . However  both men   will see civil unrest like they never seen before Nationwide\nWe WILL be great again when the Scrabble-tile-name brigade stop doing their Christmas looting, pull up their pants, stay in school and off the streets, and work for their money like the rest of us instead of selling drugs and majoring in How to live on government benefits. Illegal immigrants are criminals the minute they enter illegally, and if WE have to follow the law, we damn well cant let border-jumpers get a free pass.  Charity begins at home, and there are many here who have served our country that get treated far worse than illegals. I hope this pairing makes for some serious changes, because we need them.\nWHITE, again??? (So, you think its other than white, NOW???) The United States has ALWAYS been largely CAUCASIAN, by an enormous majority, joined more and more,  by conservative non-Caucasians. Try, RIGHT AGAIN, after the mess the Obamaniac drones unleashed upon AMERICA, a country which they obviously abhor, almost as much as OBAMA.\nBarak Hussain Obama lied in his campaign speeches and hes still lying, today, (from the truth about Benghazi through manmade global warming. It is sad that so many racists cannot see their idol, OBAMA, as he truly IS: a destructive, communist, hateful, narcissistic, SUPREME, racist-in-chief. Even one of the GREATEST AMERICANS, ever, Martin Luther King, most assuredly would have distanced himself from Obama, claiming that Obamas actions identify Obama as a black racist; one who does not even begin to comprehend Martin Luther Kings immortal, August 28, 1963, I HAVE A DREAM, speech, in which he said, I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. Conversely, OBAMA looks for the day when people will be judged by the color of their skin AND NOT by the content of their character.\nA Donald Trump-Joe Arpaio ticket is like if Hitler came back to life, merged bodies with Satan and then chose evil incarnate as his Vice Presidential running mate,  So sad. and so are you. You are what you accuse Obama of being.  It must be painful to live in your skin.\nWe have actually seen more civil unrest and a surge in racism with our current president.\nZarella what are you saying?  That this government running under a black man is justified in destroying and knowingly destroying America?  I know many blacks who hate what is going on and want him out and despise him because he is putting the pressure on real black people.  Not mulatos like Obama.  Now someone has to clean up the mess created and of course no one is going to roll with the same persuasion after what Obama did.  Why arent you cursing Obama for making this situration sticky for you and others.  Why white people?  Dam girl I grew up with blacks playing basketball, baseball, footbal and they were and my best friends but you alienated them just now by claiming racism is what this political race is all about.  Actually I think this race is about electing the man that is going to void every illegal executive order established by that black man yoiu should be condemning and if that is race then I really dont give a dam.  Your person sucked the biscuit as they say and ours is going to clean up his mess.\nMore like Make America Grate again. tRump wants to grate America into little tiny pieces.\nyoure so full of shyt\nRemember your enthusiasm when Trump invades Iran and lowers wages in the U.S. he has promised to do these things. Trump for low wages war and death. Are you sure you want that?\nHe never said anything about lowering wages, he said he wants people to be working again.  Im not voting for Trump, but I like facts.\nActually he said American workers will have to settle for less pay in order to compete. http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-wages-are-too-high-2015-11\nI would like to see people who think the minimum wage should be low. live on those wages for 12 months no credit cards just a minimum wage job. pay rent electricity buy food and yeah get health insurance.\nYes, you bet we doWe need tough leaders in the WH and the sooner the better!\nWHITE, again??? (So, you think its other than white, NOW???) The United States has ALWAYS been largely CAUCASIAN, by an enormous majority, joined more and more,  by conservative non-Caucasians. Try, RIGHT AGAIN, after the mess the Obamaniac drones unleashed upon AMERICA, a country which they obviously abhor, almost as much as OBAMA.\nBarak Hussain Obama lied in his campaign speeches and hes still lying, today, (from the truth about Benghazi through manmade global warming. It is sad that so many racists cannot see their idol, OBAMA, as he truly IS: a destructive, communist, hateful, narcissistic, SUPREME, racist-in-chief. Even one of the GREATEST AMERICANS, ever, Martin Luther King, most assuredly would have distanced himself from Obama, claiming that Obamas actions identify Obama as a black racist; one who does not even begin to comprehend Martin Luther Kings immortal, August 28, 1963, I HAVE A DREAM, speech, in which he said, I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. Conversely, OBAMA looks for the day when people will be judged by the color of their skin AND NOT by the content of their character.\nYou are truly on something. You have to be to approve something as dreadful as this. Criminal leading another criminal. You can kiss the US goodbye and third world country hello.\nA Donald Trump-Joe Arpaio ticket is like if Hitler came back to life, merged bodies with Satan and then chose evil incarnate as his Vice Presidential running mate,  This nails it perfectly. Very sad.\nSheriff Joe Is An Excellent Choice For VP.\nA New York Thug and a Fool.What a great ticket\nYoure a fucking idiot. Shut the fuck up asshole. Its a guaranteed no win scenario. Arpaio is another nazi piece of shit like Trump. Just sit back and watch them lose. Then Im going to laugh my ass off at you, you dumb fuck!!!!\nAmericans make America great, not the government. People keep putting the responsibility on the government to save them, and have forgotten how to make their way on their own. Problem with giving up accountability is that U unwittingly give up your freedom at the same time.\nOur government was never supposed to provide for us It was intended to protect and create an environment in which we could provide for ourselves!\nWell said Evan. People need to start taking responsibility and being accountable for themselves.  Expecting the state to do this for you is a recipe for disaster.\nThis is the best news Ive heard all day! We finally have a chance to get that nigger Muslim out of office and fix this country!\nSo you do realize that the President is getting out of office no matter who we elect, right? Or did you not make it that far in high school?\nLet me guess..Ill bet youre a real God fearing Christian?\nhe can stay in office by declaring martial law dumazz\nYou do realize President Obama is out of the office regardless right.\nYou do realize President Obama is out if office regardless of the outcome right?\nyou are an idiot.\nnot too bright are you.\nIf only this country could get rid of people like you, this country might have a chance! The rotten in the candidates sure brings out the rotten in their supporters. Guess you dont understand, there but for the grace of God go you and at some point you will answer to a higher authority for your bigotry and racism, among other things. And its been my pleasure to see how terrible Karma can be!\nYou are a racist piece of shit. You sound like a complete idiot. You are an embarrassment to all of us who6 are trying to move society forward.\nGo ahead and hate your American neighbor,\nGo ahead and Hate A Black President\nDo it in the name of Republican GOP Tea Party Heaven,\nYou cant justify it in the end.\nThere wont be any Trump trumpets blowing\nCome the election day,\nOn the bloody Republican GOP Tea Party morning after.\nOne tin soldier rides away.\nNow the American valley cried with anger,\nMount your horses! Draw your sword!\nAnd they killed the Liberal mountain-people,\nSo they won their just reward.\nNow they stood beside the treasure,\nOn the mountain, dark and red with blood\nTurned the stone and looked beneath it\nPeace on Earth was all it said.https://youtu.be/tPNDBEuKCdY\nYou are a racist piece of shit. You sound like a complete idiot. You are an embarrassment to all ofus who6 are trying to move society forward.\nYou are disgusting excuse of a person.\nYou are a sad excuse of a human being. I really am sad that I have to share oxygen with people like you.\nNow Im not a fan of Obama either, but theres no reason to call the man a nigger. It shows no class.\nbarack obama is not a ni**er, he is only half african and half irish. facts are facts. and you right wing fascists are being brought out of the mud and feeling trump give you a right to be racist load and clear. that is fine. it also gives other free citizens the right to come and take your guns and shoot your heads off. you are the people being put on a list for monitoring and control. too late to go to bundy farm, eh?\nStephan I dont where you get your facts but hes only 10 % African, hes mostly middle eastern and half white.\nhes a zebra\nYOU CANT TALK ABOUT THE ACE COON BOON LIKE THAT HAHAHA !\nGood use your aggressive feelings, boy. Let the hate flow through you!\nYoure a fucking idiot.\nYou stepped out of your trailer to say that?!\nYour comment truly shows your ignorance. What do you mean we finally have a chance to get that ****** ******  out of office ????? His term is up at the end of this year. NOBODY is getting him out of office! What a RACIST comment! YOU are part of the problem!!! NO actually, YOU and those like YOU ARE the problem!!!\nBest news Ive heard all year, a great pick.  They would make a great team.  All these law suits have been brought by the liberal assholes who want to protect the criminals and to hell with the victmins\nYour comments  a lot about you and none  of it is good.\nFinally a winner for the stupidest post ever.\nTheres a name for people like you. You ought to be ashamed of yourself! This is why Trump cant be allowed anywhere NEAR the WH. This is the level of person he represents!\nWell said. However, the Pollyannas cant handle the very obvious !\nNigger? I  think racism is a show of immaturity, idiot. It doesnt matter what color a persons skin is, and that is what that term generally refers to. Now, with that being said, I absolutely agree that we need a tough team in the White House running this country, but idiot bigotry is something that I have absolutely NO tolerance for!\nThe true axis of evil\nSarah, I agree\nAnyone that votes for anyone besides Trump loves socialism or wants some dumb cunt as President  and these people are the exact same people that elected that nigger in the White House, TWICE!!\nYou seem nice.\nYou are a racist lunatic.  A racist running for President & a sheriff who promotes shooting Mexicans at the border  with NO experience in government?  You are truly insane.\nWow. Theyre all coming out of the woodwork and getting their dusty white sheets out of the closet. Trump has made America racist again!\nIll bet youre a hit with the girls, too, right?\nDont hold back, tell us what you really think!\nA Donald Trump  Joe Arpaio ticket is guaranteed to win the presidency! Nothing can stop us now!\nAnd Joe is a brown Mexican niggeryou fucking dumb ass\nI love these guys! Were gonna finally make America great again!\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (breathe)hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.  oh, wow. Proof positive that Trump just wants to see the exact level of stupid people will embrace.   HAhahahahahahahahaha.   Pink underwear and green bologna for everyone!!\nThis makes me so mad!!!\nIs this comment section real? ALL but 1 here are seriously fucked up individuals. A Trump-Arpaio presidency would easily be the worst thing for this country but go ahead and keep telling yourself that the man who speaks at a 4TH GRADE LEVEL will make this country great again. Hope all you trump supporters enjoy a police state akin to Nazi Germany, because that is what this country would look like with these 2 running the show.\nPersonally I love the idea of a Trump-Arpaio ticket. Though, I dont know if any of the retards out there will GET IT\nYou forgot to mention the MAJORITY of people have voted him Sheriff for the last 7 elections! He must be doing something right! Oh by the way did you cut and paste Wikipedia to down play OUR TOUGHEST SHERRIFF??  Trump-Arpaio 2016!!\nNo. He was elected in Maricopa County, where everyone is a Mexican hating racist. The rest of the state just tightens their sphincters and waits for it all to be over.\nMaricopa County, where everyone is a Mexican \nThis is true.\nRegards, Mexican in Maricopa County.\nhe said Maricopa County, where everyone is a Mexican hating racist, not Maricopa County, where everyone is a Mexican.  If youre going to eavesdrop, the least you can do is listen.\nThis will  be the end of American if they win.\nArpaio has cost the state of AZ millions of dollars in law suits. Hes a racist bigot. Trump has filed multiple company bankruptcies and is also a racist.\nI seriously want to throw up. This is a sad day for our country. If they win were screwed.\nUh Can u Not See That OBAMA is one of the biggest racist in history and has racially divided this country in the last 7 year worse than it has ever been ?\nproblem is, your running mate is to have extensive knowledge of foreign policy.  Thats the VPs main job.  we shall see\nHahahahahaha..Joe Biden and extensive knowledge..crack me up!\nHallelujah!\nHallelujah!!!!!!!!\nJesus you fookin americans need to wake up nutheads\nCant wait to see them replace the White House with a double wide trailer.\nThis is like shit calling piss its BFF.\nNo good can come from this.\nIll be looking for a double wide mobile home on the White House lawn within a week.\nI live in Topeka and I have a problem with self-rape. The girls here are all hideous and deeply uncool. And so I rape myself because nobody else will. What can I do? Please help!\nPraise Fappy.\nWow! I am very disappointed in the people who actually endorsed the two jokes.   Trump who has never had to strugglein is  his life, arrogant, spoiled douchebag. Arpaio abused his power as sheriff,  a racist,  and the most unlawfully man alive.  This is where America will fail as a great nation.\nIt has already failedidiot!..That is why he is runningand the BS about Arpaio is not true.he will not be VP\nYah!\nGood luck Psychos!\nHeck ya!!!! Love Sheriff Joe!!!!!!! We need to get this country back to where it was and how it should be!\nWhy not?! America is already becoming a prison, perfect fit to be Warden of America.   The World looks at us as some joke reality tv show. smh\nRacism and bigotry at its finest. Elect these two and expect a full-on civil war. This Sheriff has been found guilty of corruption in a FEDERAL court. But all you neo nazi Trump supporters go ahead and look past it. If he gets elected, the blood of the fallen in the WW3 that will be guaranteed to occur is on your hands.\nAmen, Dr. Michael Huntzmels.\nThe nazis were socialist . Who has stated publicly that they are socialist and is running for president here in the U.S. ?? Bernie boy thats who . Hitlery is too smart to announce her socialism but everyone knows it anyway . Your proof that even a professional can be of the genus Boobus Americanus .\nThe inmates reallt are trying to run the asylum. Theres no way these two meatheads will win the White House.\nYou are all the problem. Lets throw you out of this country. You racists dopes are horrible people. Go slap urself\nHahaha!!!!  What a bunch of morons on this site!  Make great again, for who??  Most certainly not for the American people!  Go Bernie!!!\nFINALLY something good to wake up to in the morning, and not wanting to shoot myself! I cant wait for this MUZZIE POS to GTFO of  our WH.. Hopefully in cuffs and chains!\nYou know what Becca, why dont you just go ahead and take your opinion somewhere else\nwow, two narcissistic bullies what a fcking joke weve become:P\nmake america GREATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!\nI like tuhtles\nWowcrazier and crazier.  Luckily these guys dont stand a chance of being elected.  I do trust the electorate to have more intelligence than the racist right wing minority.\nBoom! There ya go! Down the tubes!!!\nFor those of you saying now we can get rid of Obama, get him out of officeyou do realize that hes coming to the end of his two term limit? He cannot run again for President? Im so shocked by how clueless people are and that they have the ability to vote! And the outright vile hatred for our President and any people of colorwow.\nDont think this is a good choice for Trump. He really needs to take a step back an think about if he really wants to win this election he needs to think about who will be a good vice President an not bring all this controversial issues with him an also the law suetes that he is facing. Trump needs to wait an pic someone who is going to help his chances an not make him look stupid. We already have one in office biden an Kerry dont add to them.\nAwesome!\nThis is the best news the Dems could hope for!\nThis announcement is the most insane that Ive read.  It shows me that there are many voters are so full of hate theyll do anything to destroy our country.  If you all would learn to read and research you might find out our country is in better shape than before\nbecause President is a fine President and, for the most part, is trying to save the middle class.\nI love Donald Trump now more than ever!!! Trump-Arpaio 2016!!!!\nthis is cool!!!\nTrump & Arpaio 2016!!!!\nThis is the most unelectable ticket ive ever seen. His supporters are utterly delusional.\nLOLOLOLthe pundits are correct:  Trump doesnt want to be President to pick a lowlife crook like Arpaio.\nThis story is better than reality\nYAY! I love Donald Trump!!! And Joe Arpaio even more!!!\nThis sounds like a great pair to me. They both want to make this country great again.\nI have not heard that Trump could be this awesome\nTrump and Arpaio in 2016! Make America great again!!!!!!!\nOld MacTrumpo had a farm,\nE-I-E-I-O.\nAnd on his farm he had some White chicks,\nE-I-E-I-O.\nWith a White hick, hick here,\nAnd a White hick, hick there,\nHere a White hick, there a hick,\nEverywhere a hick, hick,\nOld MacTrumpo had a farm,\nE-I-E-I-O.\n2. Donald Trump Duck  quack\n3. Ted Cruz Turkey  gobble\n4. Sarah Palin Pig  oink, oink\n5. Fox-News Cow  moo, moo\n6. Ted Nugent Cat -meow, meow\n7. Liberal Mule  Heehaw\n8. Carly Fiorina Dog  bow wow\n9. Mitch McConnell Turtle  nerp, nerp https://youtu.be/nFX98pqzb3o\nFriggin azzhole!\nTrump/Arpaio 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!\nI cant believe you would do something like this. All you silly Americans must be in the single digit IQs. Yes, I just went there.\nMark my words, Trump wants out.  He knows that he is in over his head.  He tried to say outrageous things so he would be eliminated but the idiot crouds that he attracts only get more enthusiastic. After getting the endorsement by the biggest idiot he could find didnt work, he found the worst possible person to choose as a vice President. All in hope that he will be eliminated rather than have to just quit. He knows he cant handlr the job and that he would never last for even one term.  People would find out how much of an ass and idiot that he is when the facts of his life come out, as thry always do. For a sitting President.\nMark my words, if he didnt get kicked out he will quit.\nThis is some sort of conspiracy. I think that someone was sitting back one day and thought, how can we best really screw up the Republican Party. First, lets see if we can get soooo many candidates running so that people cant really tell the difference between them. Then lets get someone who has historically had ties to progressive ideas but no political ties to run and have the go crazy conservative on the hot button issues like immigration, abortion, minimum wage, etc. Hell be so popular with the no compromise, my way or the highway, damn the country Im standing on so called principals cause I like it crowd that hell be unstoppable in the primaries. Oh, and he should pick someone who is crazy without pretending like Joe for running mate. A perfect storm of media frenzy and crazy attraction but unelectable. Yep, conspiracy is the only explanation.\nHey fellow insane uneducated racists  lets start our own country! Were unstoppable now!\nTrump didnt show up for the Fox Debate last night and then announces Arpaio as his running mate?? The Trump circus continues!\nSounds like YallQuaida is hard at work on recruiting new members.\nI like Donald Trump but I admit that Im afraid of this other character. He might even rub off on Mr. Trump. Why not Ted Cruz or even Sarah Palin. That would be so much better.\nI dont know whats funnier.The uneducated racist trying to argue political issues about Obama or the fact that no one from Fast and Furious went to jail\nThe comments here are pure human hatred. Make America great again by killing everyone and everthing\nLet me get this right so you think criminals should get food stamps and free money from hard working citizens . Screw you your part of the problem they dont deserve anything free theres thousands of Americans that need help that havent broken the law that get nothing your ass should be living under the bridge with them . Fuck you !  Trump for president bring America back .obaba is the one that is going to take your gunsnd put your dumb ass in a consintration camp you idiot\nTrump is out to kill the Republican Party. I think that is his plan. This is sick. A racist, corrupt, Hitler Vice Predident. OMG and they dont like Hilliary and her e-mails !!! What a crack pot bunch.\nWTF. I like to try and stay on top of all the bullshit, but does anyone still think that this site is not just another Onion. You never know with the Strumpet, this pick may be his out, but otherwise, even if if he is serious, even he is not this dumb.\nI am so happy to see that Trump has shown what an idiotic fool he is.  If he is the nominee I can easily see  President Hillary Clinton and the House and Senate being run by the Democrats.  We will finally get rid of the tparty and the other crazies and we will be able to get things done.\nSorry to burst your bubble but Clinton is not that much more than Strumpet-lite. For both of them its nothing more than a political game of Monopoly. Whats at stake is their personal power, control, influence and profit. It aint got shit to do with whats best for us.\nLets make America great again and better than before, vote for Donald\nJ. Trump as our next President.\n^^Another fucking ignorant racist retard\nYou will never go broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public\nDON AND JOE  WAY TO GO..ignorant morons\nMs. Bradley, I love what youre doing for Sock It Forward? How do I volunteer?\nThis is proof positive that Trump has been effing with us all along.  He knows\nArpaio will never have a chance.  Trump is just waiting for a time to exit.  Too\nbad he strung so many people along.  But then, how stupid can you be?\nWHITE, again??? (So, you think its other than white, NOW???) The United States has ALWAYS been largely CAUCASIAN, by an enormous majority, joined more and more,  by conservative non-Caucasians. Try, RIGHT AGAIN, after the mess the Obamaniac drones unleashed upon AMERICA, a country which they obviously abhor, almost as much as OBAMA.\nBarak Hussain Obama lied in his campaign speeches and hes still lying, today, (from the truth about Benghazi through manmade global warming. It is sad that so many racists cannot see their idol, OBAMA, as he truly IS: a destructive, communist, hateful, narcissistic, SUPREME, racist-in-chief. Even one of the GREATEST AMERICANS, ever, Martin Luther King, most assuredly would have distanced himself from Obama, claiming that Obamas actions identify Obama as a black racist; one who does not even begin to comprehend Martin Luther Kings immortal, August 28, 1963, I HAVE A DREAM, speech, in which he said, I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. Conversely, OBAMA looks for the day when people will be judged by the color of their skin AND NOT by the content of their character.\nCriminal leading a criminal. Kiss the great US goodbye and say hello to a new third world country.\nmate in 2016. I MAY HAVE  TO CHANGE MY VOTE TO ANOTHER DUE TO THE PICK OF JDED SOMEONE WITH  THE KNOWLEDGE OF OUR GOVERNMENT AND NOT AN OUTSIDER.  SO DISAPPOINTED,,.  NOW WE HAVE GOT  TO PICK ANOTHER CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT.  OE  ARPAIO AS VICE PRESIDENT.  THIS WILL CHANGE MANY AMERICANS  VOTE   FOR DONALD TRUMP FOR  PRESIDENT.  VERY DISAPPOINTED..  TWO LOST VOTES FOR DONALD TRUMP DUE  THAT NEITHER ONES KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT RUNNING THE GOVERNMENT.  DONALD NEEI  AM SO SHOCKED ABOUTSheriff Joe Arpaio officially endorsed Donald Trump for president. Today, Trump shocked the country by announcing Arpaio as his pick for Vice Presidential running\nI am 100% against Trump for President, but I have to speak up in defense of Sheriff Arpaio.  He is my Sheriff and he is doing a great job keeping this county safe!  Ive known of many instances where former criminals have made comments about having to do their best to comply with their probation because they absolutely do not want to end up back in jail in this county.  It is not a comfortable place for criminals who get captured.  All of these so called accusations against Arpaio came out shortly after Arpaios crack forgery investigation unit was able to prove that Obamas Hawaiian birth certificate was a forgery.  They were able to prove it because it could be taken apart electronically in pieces, which you cannot do with a document from before the digital era that is photo copied. The only way a document could be digitally taken apart in pieces is if it was created digitally to begin with.  The Hospital Obama was supposedly born in did not exist back in the 1960s and Obamas Fathers place of birth said Kenya on the certificate, and back then Kenya was not known as Kenya, but as the East African Protectorate. It was not called Kenya until 1964. Shortly after Arpaio was able to discover the Birth Certificate was not authentic, that is when all the accusations that this ABC article is spouting off about started being hurled at the Sheriff and the issue of the Birth Certificate just sort of vanished into thin air.  Arpaio is a good man. I am disappointed he is supporting Donald Trump.  But he is a good Sheriff and I have zero respect for the people around here who buy into the false accusations against him hook line and sinker.  The Progressives in this country are way to influential and need to be put and end too.\nSure hope this is not true.  Ben Carson is the only one that would make a great team.\nThis make me sick.  I think he is throwing all his hard work away.  There is not way he will get support with this man as his running mate.  Ben Carson would have been so much better.  Cant believe that Donald Trump has done this.\nGreat VP pic Donald!!!\nGreat choice Trump!!!\nAnything but a good VP pic by Trump.  Its idiotic, and tantamount to the choice of a right wing general whose name escapes me, by then Presidential Candidate George C. Wallace.  The VP choice alone could cost Trump the White House.\nI can recommend an excellent massage parlor in Istanbul", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-01-27T14:00:56-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "Yesterday, Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially endorsed Donald Trump for president. Today, Trump shocked the country by announcing Arpaio as his pick for Vice Presidential running mate in 2016."}
{"title": "Melbourne calling: Three reasons why you should visit it - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/melbourne-calling-three-reasons-why-you-should-visit-it/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Internet", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "The United States Revokes Scientology's Tax-Exempt Status - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/united-states-revokes-scientologys-tax-exempt-status/", "text": "In a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court today, the eight justices ruled in favor of revoking the Church of Scientologys tax-exempt status in the United States. Under the ruling, Scientology will still be able to operate as a business but no longer as a non-profit religious organization.\nThe case was brought forward by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation Division after concluding a two-year-long investigation into the inner workings of Scientology. The investigation, along with an extensive audit, found the group to be a criminal operation with a sole purpose of making money. The eight justices agreed with the IRS and its findings that Scientology was neither a religion or fell under the guidelines of a non-profit charitable organization.\nCI Special Agent, Tom Downey, worked closely with IRS Chief Counsel Criminal Tax Attorneys during the course of the investigation.\nIf private schools had similar prices to the courses in Scientology, students would receive the absolute highest level of education by the top educators in the country, Downey said. But in reality, based on the ridiculously high cost of Scientology, there is no school out there that even exists. The best schools in this country charge a fraction of the exorbitant amounts of money that Scientology charges its members.\nPaul Horner, a spokesperson for Scientology, told ABC News the ruling is discrimination based on religious beliefs.\nIn a free country, such as ours, it amazes me that over ten million Scientologists can have their beliefs trampled on like this, Horner said. The Church of Scientology is working hard to make this world a better place, constructing more buildings and ships and other really neat stuff, and now, most of that will have to be put on hold because of a few religious bigots.\nFor years, Scientologys claim of ten million followers has been widely disputed. In 2011, former editor, and longtime Scientology foe, Tony Ortega, wrote the following in The Village Voice:\nAccording to the latest survey, the total number of people who identify as Scientologists is just 25,000 in this country of more than 300 million human beings.\nScientology teaches that 75 million years ago an evil galactic overlord named Xenu, ruler of a Galactic Confederacy, decided to tackle overpopulation by rounding up 13.5 trillion people in DC-8-like spacecraft, flying them to Earth (then known as Teegeeack), dropping them in the volcanoes of Hawaii and vaporizing them with hydrogen bombs.\nTheir spirits, known as thetans, attached themselves to humans at the dawn of man, and according to Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard is the root cause of all our fears, confusion and problems. For humans to reach a clear state, thetans must be removed from the body through therapy sessions, known within Scientology as auditing.\nScientology adherents must work through eight stages of auditing over a period of many years to reach this clear state, each of which costs thousands of dollars to partake in. It was these costs that the court took issue with, ruling that they far outstrip average course fees for educational establishments.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News she lost her family because of Scientologys disconnection policy.\nI was born into Scientology, Bradley said. When I turned seventeen I began to question some of their beliefs. My family, who are all members, told me to stay quiet, but it was too late and I was excommunicated from the church. Scientologys upper management told me I was no longer able to see or talk to my family ever again, Bradley said. It broke my heart, I couldnt even say goodbye to them. They were told by Scientology if they had any communication with me that they would be excommunicated too. My family chose Scientology over me. Holding back tears Bradley says, I just hope my family is proud of me, all that Im doing with my life and everything Im doing to help the homeless. I wish more than anything to see them one day; I love and miss them so much.\nDowney told reporters that Scientology spends tens of millions of dollars every year doing what no other religious non-profit organization does.\nThe money is used to harass former members, coerce abortions, to secure their International base so people cant escape, child abuse, forcing members to disconnect from family and friends who arent Scientologist friendly, and to litigate to death anyone who opposes them, Downey said. Years ago, the Cult Awareness Network was an organization that provided information on groups that it considered to be cults. After years of litigation with Scientology and being forced into bankruptcy, it is now a Scientology run enterprise. Over the years Scientology has also put many government officials and politicians in their pocket.\nFor years, the Church of Scientology often pointed to their tax-exempt status as proof that it is a recognized religious entity in the United States. And theres no disputing that tax-exempt status has been a huge boon to the Scientology industry. With such few members, but billions in real estate holdings, the Church of Scientology has been called the most famous small business in the world, with its tax exempt status saving the Church an estimated $20 million a year on property taxes alone.\nRoberto Sigmond of Amnesty International told ABC News that revoking the Church of Scientologys tax-exempt status in the United States is a huge win.\nYou are from UK and looking to buy Modafinil please have a look at this website where you can buy Modafinil online or learn about it from United Kingdom\nFrom all the deaths Scientology has caused over the years to its phony drug rehabilitation program, this is a great day for anyone that believes in human rights.\nAfter originally being recognized as a tax-exempt religious organization in 1957, Scientologys tax-exempt status was lost in a 1967 IRS audit. As part of the effort to regain tax exemption during the late 1970s, Scientologists repeatedly infiltrated the IRS, copying large numbers of documents and at one point placing an electronic bugging device in an IRS conference room. These actions took place within a program code-named Operation Snow White. Eleven high-ranking Scientologists, including Hubbards wife Mary Sue Hubbard, were sentenced to time in prison for acts surrounding this operation. L. Ron Hubbard himself was named as an unindicted co-conspirator as investigators could not link him to the crimes.\nThe United States is not the first country to revoke Scientologys tax exemption. In October of last year, a Dutch court revoked Scientologys status as a public welfare institution and the tax exemption that goes along with it.\nJanine Pieters, reporting in the NL Times, said the court ruledthat sales of Scientologys coursesand therapysessions are aimed at profit-making and that it does not therefore belong on the tax authorities charity list.\nBeginning April 6th, 2016, The Church of Scientology will no longer receive tax exemption in the United States. Attorneys for Scientology have 30 days to appeal the case, although it is not yet clear whether they will or not.\nUPDATE 4/28/16: The Church of Scientology has regained their tax-exempt status within the United States. Contact your local Representative to complain and have it removed.\nAbout time!!!\nAmen! to that.\nJehovahs Witnesses need to be next. Besides being an international real estate flipping conglomerate disguised as a religion, their inner workings are very similar to Scientology in that they use much of the same guilt-inducing techniques to maintain their cash flow. Also, like Scientology, the JW leadership destroys families and then blame the members who formally quit.\nActually Jehovahs Witnesses are entirely volunteer.  No one is making money there.\nI dont know how long you have been on this planet but the JW brainwash people in to handing over their money and convince members to stay away from modern medicine.\nI was a JW.  They did make me feel like a Stepford wife after a while, but NO, they dont gouge people for money.  A collection plate is not passed.  Money is given discretely.  If you dont have, no problem.  Door knocking is not mandatory.  I just found it too simple.\nYes, the JWs masquerade as a Christian Organization when they are just as Cult like as the Scientology people.\nActually JWs DO want modern medicine. We often ask for the most cutting edge stuff and have pioneered bloodless surgery around the world. Our only issue with modern medicine is its reliance on blood transfusions.\nActually, Denise, they are not a cult. They are a religion. And you are not using the word cult correctly. I am not aware of them pretending to be Christian, but I would agree they are not part of the Christian religion.\nAlso a former JW for 20 years  While Im now agnostic, I can confirm that JWs dont pass a collection plate nor do they publicly shame people who arent donating. If your peers are all donating money to the church monthly, theres probably some soft peer-pressure to donate, same as if you were in any other volunteer organization. I never had anyone in a position of church authority specifically ask me to donate, nor did I know of anyone who did.\nRE: their Christian status, the Jehovahs Witnesses are a Christian sect, they use the bible as their primary religious text. They worship Christ, therefore they are Christian. Definitely they have some wacky beliefs, but so do Catholics, Baptists, etc.\nNo. That is not the definition of a Christian. There are so many different groups that would fit that definition.\nYoure wrong.  People are coerced into leaving their property to the JW when they pass  my former father-in-law left 100 acres of prime farmland to them.  My mothers next door neighbor left her house and contents  they went in and took all the antiques to sell, and then sold the remainder at auction.  Their work may be volunteer, but they do own a lot of money and land.\nI am also a former JW for 20yrs and so were my parents and my grandparents and there is somethings I dont agree with them but I can guarantee you they are not out for peoples money. There are no collection plates passed around. There are no mandated tithings like in a majority of Christian Churches. If someone makes a decision to leave belongings, land or money to anyone or any organization is their choice. The elders of the congregation or governing body do not coerce people to give money or property to the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society.\nBy your logic The Mormons should also have to pay taxes because they demand a monthly 10% tithing. Also the Catholic church who historically is known for charging for religious ceramonies and death rites. Also any Christian church who passes a collection plate around so everyone in the congregation sees who puts money on the plate and how much so people are guilted to give thier money.\nAlmost all churches own property. Compared to the Catholic Church, for instance, JW are paupers. Property ownership doesnt stop them being a church.\nI agree! This is great newsI am an ex-scientologist and proud to say so. I loathe manipulation for profit, and HATE the C.O.S.!\nScott, you might want to reread the very end of the article  As of yesterday, April 28th, ABC News added an update that COS had regained its tax-exempt status with no explanation of how that happened.\nTRUE: Church of Scientology Loses Tax-Exempt Status\nhttp://superofficialnews.com/true-church-of-scientology-loses-tax-exempt-status/\nDown with Scientology!\nXenu be praised.\nFolks, please realize that there is a flat Earth wake up sheeple!!!\nI like dudes like Trump\nIs that really what scientologists believe? WTF\nNow they need to do this for every other religion\nBut the IRS has no problem with a church that has been running a worldwide pedophile ring for years with impunity.  I dont get it.\nAMEN!\nYou said that right! Religion is the longest running scam in human history.\nBy far there are more children molestershould operating as public school teachers in this country but that fact is well hidden by the media.\nPretty standard Catholic lie to say that se abuse is worse in public schools.\nHere is how the Catholic lies:\nThey use a Dept Of Education study called the Shakeshaft study that measured sexual misconduct, like swearing, telling dirty jokes, asking if a child was gay, and call that abuse.\nThey then compare that abuse with Catholic priests having actual sex (involving priests getting off) with children, also calling that abuse.\nThe Preface of the Shakeshaft Study makes I clear that Shakeshaft erroneously intermingled these two.  Catholics dont care, and dont seek the truth,  They have their excuse for why Catholic childrape is ok:\nPublic school swearing is more common that priests raping children.\nI suspect molesting is a popular term because its vagueness is so useful.\nDont confuse scientology, with other genuine religious organizations, that truly do good works! Our church supports foreign missions, nd childrens homes, just to name a few,and theres no coercion where tithes and donations are concerned! ,\nForeign missions? How is that good for the world? Uggh.\nWont happen. Could only attack those religions based in the US.\nThe Mormons would be a target!\nFuck Scientology!!\nYour vulgarity is not necessary here, or anywhere.  save it for the porn site please\nLinda: This is the internet. We dont do word police. If you cant handle the word fuck, thats your issue.\nHERMAN: I like the way you think.\nThis is great news for all the victims of Scientology\nSo how will paying taxes prevent these idiots from helping the world?\nI guess it will just mean that they will have a lot less money to do stuffbuy up real estate, & open new centres. They have been really pushing into other countries where they dont have much presencethis will thwart them a lot \nWith this news, I think its important we look at freeing Xenu from galactic jail. Hasnt he suffered long enough?\nLOL\nI freed Lord Xenu in year 1997; I even have photographs of the event, which I sent to the crime syndicates mob lawyer. The crime syndicate never thanked me.\nNo. No, he has not.\n\nThis will give Miscavige a nasty shock when he wakes up this morning\nThanks for including me in your awesome story!\nYou rock Mr. Ortega\nTony, this is great news, right? Down with Scientology!\nI was a member of the OT rebellion in Texas when it hit the C of S after Lisa Mc Persions death.\nFrom medical classes in past years, I knew there was a lot wrong with what we were being told.\nAlso from what I had been seeing over the several years of keeping in touch from time to time, It was clear that something was not right and had gone off the rails. Also comments from former officials, there were things not in there agreement!\nI bet this breaking news has made you feel totally sessionable. Love you Tony!!!\nThe comment above is not the real Karen. The post is a fake made by the old GO criminals in OSA.\nClick on the gravatar and report this I just did!\nTony, I just feel soooo happy about this :D:D\nGuys, this is great news\nThere are a lot of informational links to click on!\nIs that you Homer?\nScrew you Scientology!\nThis news is so great!\nScientology needs to be shut down now!!!\nThe same needs to be done with ALL RELIGIONS globally.\nThis ruling is wonderful\nBest news ever!!\nThis is the best news Ive heard all year!\nLook at Scientology it isnt right\nThis is not the end of religion more needs to be done\nOne denomination down; 40,000 to go.\nOne denomination down; 40,000 to go.\nScientology isnt a denomination; nor is it any religion obviously. Organized crime has families, not denominations.\nThe crime syndicate was supposed to lose its tax-exemption status more than two decades ago, by agreement with the mob and the IRS after over 300 law suits filed by the mob against the IRS commissioner were settled. Hubbard wrote that the crime syndicate only followed what he called the religion angledo get taxpayers money.\nWait  how did they regain their tax exempt status after losing it in 1967? The article doesnt say.\nAs part of the effort to regain tax exemption during the late 1970s, Scientologists repeatedly infiltrated the IRS, copying large numbers of documents and at one point placing an electronic bugging device in an IRS conference room.\nThey also continuously filed lawsuit after lawsuit eventually leading to backroom deal with the IRS to regain their status. Note that the lawsuits were not just from the Cult itself but individual members all continuously filling. Thought it is not specified, they regained their status in 1993.\nThere used to be numerous sites with all of this information during the Chanology era of Anonymous but either through disinterest or actions by the Cult most of them are either down or no longer maintained.\n it amazes me that over ten million Scientologists .\nAt the moment there are less than 13,000 Scientology customers in the world.\nThis is awesome\nWhen are they going to remove the ta status for the Catholic church, the largest organzied child rape crime syndicate in US history?\nThey should also have the FBI use RICO statutes that they use on the mafia to investigate the secret archives that every bishop has, since they found 115,042 documents about pedophile priests (not a typo, over 115,000 documents).\nTry the Constitution and IRS website. Churches are automatically exempt.\nI studied Scientology back in the 70s. Got audited, and cleared after many sessions. What I found out about the inner workings of the so-called religion, is that it is very insular, extremely paranoid, and reminded me very much of the Peoples Temple, with whom I also had a run-in with, while trying to hide a member who was intent on escaping. Members came in armed to the teeth, guns etc, telling me that if I didnt hand over the man, they would kill us all. They never found him. But these are tactics that, couched in milder terms, are very similar to the attitude of Scientology. IF you disagree, prepare to be either financially or emotionally destroyed\nHow do we go after CPAC?  The elites and the corporate establishments have bought all the Tea Party candidates for example look at Senator Ted Cruz and his wife Heidi being bought by Goldman Sachs.\nIm a Scientologist and I am completely offended by this news you are all a bunch of religious hating assholes!\nAll Religions will be attacked so Islam will rule.\nJoanne, you sound as paranoid as the people of the Church of Scientology!  Also, Last I checked Islam is a religion too!\nKarma, its finally caught up with you and your fellow weird folk.\nYeah, were the weird ones Whatever you have to tell yourself to sleep at night. Have fun with your Ala and the virgins.\nIf you are actually a Scientologist, then youre going to be facing some nasty punishment for even being on this site and reading this article and the comments.\nWhat flavour is your koolaid?\nScientologist = stupid robot. The scientology not religion, is a cult of greed and lie. The scientology doesnt work, except for her accounts and fundraising. When you get acquainted with critical materials, despite a church ban, you will understand that they are truthful, and you were a fool. I was 17 years a scientologist. I have made own investigation and I am free from fraud of scientology.\nWonderful news!!! About time their scam was recognized so they start paying their fair share.\nIf their tax-exempt status was revoked in 1967, and that whole IRS shenanigans in the mid-70s, including jail time for members, how and when did they gain tax-exempt status back again?  After that nonsense, they shouldve *never* been granted tax-exempt status again!  Hopefully theyve lost it for good now.  Religion of any kind, cult or not, is a scam and the indoctrination of children should be considered child abuse.  Do away with tax-exemption for ALL of them.  They can file tax deductions for charitable giving just like the rest of us.\nChild abuse??  That is typical agnostic brainwashing.  You are messing with the right of Freedom of Religion.   Not all religions are bad, some of them are cults brought on by crazy men who think they are God sent, but not all.  You cant get rid of religion just to satisfy yourself and others like you.  Just learn to coexist and let people have Freedom Of Religion.   Teaching children the Word of God is NOT child abuse.  Child abuse is putting your hands on a child to harm and berating them to tears.  If you see that kind of treatment, call the authorities,  but teaching a child is not abuse.  Now on the other hand, the Catholic Church and any Church that sexually abuses and beats children should be investigated and charged.\nAnd it should be considered abuse to indoctrinate children in atheist views.  You are crouching very close to violating freedom of religion rights.  If its abuse to indoctrinate children in religion,  the same should be considered for agnostic indoctrination to children.  Teaching a child about a faith is not abuse.\nWhy is ABC the only news source reporting this?\nTom Cruises temper tantrum over this ruling is just fantastic\nGreat information about Scientology! Great article!\nYou guys all realize this is awesome, right?\nThats stupid. Paying taxes for what? Pay taxes to fund ISIS in the Middle East? Like Tony Ortega and Marty do? Pay taxes to also bomb Syrian children to death? Pay taxes to share the responsbility for all the drowned children in Greece, dwowned because they are escaping the bombs funded by US taxpayers? Is that why they sould pay taxes? LETS EVERYBODY BE MASS MURDERERS, AND IF SOMEBODY DOESNT PAY TAXES, THEN FORCE HIM TO PAY THEM SO THEY CAN BE MASS MUDRERERS LIKE WE ALL US TAXPAYERS DO? F**** DEGRADED AND STUPID HUMANOID MADNESS. LETS ALL BE CHAIN LEAKING IRS SLAVES!\nYoure  a bleeping  thinly scientologist. Your language betrays you.\nYour comment is non sequitur.\nIt is hurt butt speaking.\nPay taxes for all the social services you use. Pay staff at least minimum wage. Provide health insurance. Bring your buildings up to code. All the things good businesses must do. No more hiding behind the cloak of religion!\none down \nGreat news!!\nScientology will appeal this for sure\nYou do realise all religions should lose their tax-exempt status, right?\nI am looking very forward to the day!  Charge the top 2%, corporations, and religious institutions their fair share of taxes and this country will be out of debt within one year!  Its a Fact!  There is no need to pass this heavy debt on to our children and grand children!\nFree Xenu!!!\nScientology is bad news\nJehovahs Witnesses practice disfellowshipping and destroy families exactly like Scientology.  They have no charities for the public good and use members as slave labor to purchase and distriubute the over one billion pieces of literature they offer to the public for donations each year.   They have spent millions in the courts preventing abuse survivors from being compensated for their policies of covering up child molestation. They fight over 1,000 custody battles each year to alienate children from non-member parents. They hold billions of dollars of property and landholding around the world much larger than Scientology ever thought about.  Why do they get a pass?\nits awesome\nRats  why cant they do this with every other religion too?\nIm not with the churches My only church is the Nature, and god is all the Universe ! _/|\\_\n*Apologies to Budgie! I read the comments too quickly, and was thinking that your comment and the one just before it about Islam taking over were made by the same person, so I was taking it in entirely the wrong context. (Cant figure out how to edit once its posted, or even if you can, so I thought I should quickly eat my crow and shut up, LOL.)\nIm reading online this could be the first of many religions. Thank God!\nYour with the Holland Fee Zone? with Maryann H. of NZ?\nIf so, Zu Gut!\nIm the Free Zone auditor of Tony Ortega. He just called me, having read your breaking story. He and I are so happy and excited at this wonderful news. Thank you!!! Thank you!!!\nSadly, this was done sooner, and to other religions also\nHey Donatella Kevenaar, hows your son doing? Did you get him off drugs? Or are you so busy impersonating Karen that you cant be bothered?\nThis is not Karen, but a lame Scientologist!\nThey should and have to pay all the back tax for the misuse of the tax-exempt status\nIf this is a Supreme Court ruling, who can they appeal to?\nSure hope Governor Abbottt of Texas sees this.  These are not the people he needs to be listening to when it comes to mental illness.  My understanding is that he has already made some very bad decisions for those with mental illness because he has been listening to Scientologist.  Mental Health Advocates of Texas lets make sure he see this.  As a born and bred Texan I will be helping in every way I can to get your governor educated on mental illness.\nThis story is completely awesome!!\nGreat news! Down with Scientology!\nAwesome!\nPlease rethink your decision to revoke Scientologys tax-exempt status, they need it!!\nWhat flavour is your koolaid?\nI cant imagine what a windfall this will be for Clearwater, Florida, but Im sure it will be millions. I am sure Tom Cruise, John Travolta and others will have to pick up the tab. Great news for local residents!!\nThis is the best news ever!\nUm why didnt this happen sooner?\nWay to go IRS!\nHow can a decision of the Supreme Court be appealed???\nWhy not do this for all fn religions\nTo learn more about what a scam $cientology is, check out Operation Clambake at http://www.xenu.net/\nIm so surprised that there arent more apologists for scientology making noises in these comments. even though its only been done for a money grab its still great to see a blow against these freaks\nGreat finally this group has been fully exposed. Now after all the mega churches and other churches that dont follow the constitution of separate church and state and preach politics from the pulpit.\nOh no, whats Tom Cruise and John Travolta going to do?!!!!!!!!!!\nSo when do they get the Catholic Church for this?\nGuys, this is awesome!!!\nProof:\nTRUE: Church of Scientology Loses Tax-Exempt Status\nhttp://superofficialnews.com/true-church-of-scientology-loses-tax-exempt-status/\nIts about fucking time. They just need to get rid of tax exemption for all religions.\nHow does one appeal a Supreme Court decision?\nso they have to move to Delaware to pay almost no tax.big difference^^\nThis is fantastic!!!!!\nI find Scientologys actions reprehensible\nThat is truly good news!  It is a business, and should be taxed like any other business.  Smart Justices, to make a good decision.  Thank you.\nIt isnt that I dont like Scientology, I do.  I love the technology of Scientology.  But charity is not the game of Scientology, not one word in Scientology that says, give to the poor.\nIt is make the able more able.  Nothing wrong with that, except no way does the practice of Scientology include the usual contributions Churches make to their parishioners.\nThat is great news!  I love the tech of Scientology, but the Church is operating as a business.  It is not a charity in spite of some efforts to convince others.  It doesnt deserve a tax-break.  Maybe some of the taxes the IRS collects could pay down the national debt?  Or make homes for the homeless?\nI love this!!!\nAwesome!!!\nI am confused, it the Supreme Court ruled this way, then how do they have 30 days to appeal this ruling. The Supreme Court is the last word I thought.\nI cant decide which is funnier. That Scientologist still exist or this cult still exists ?\nTrampling on their religion?  Theyre not being told they cant practice, just that theyre no longer tax exempt\nOh wait, theyre saying making money IS their religion.  That makes more sense.\nHow can you appeal a Supreme Court decision?\nI hope this means that the people working for the organizations need to be paid minimum wage.  I lost years of income working for $30 per week, and before that working for a church at very low wages that varied wildly  With promises of services that never materialized.   And upon leaving owing money for the few that I did get.   I got room, but we frequently were without food cards, and try to feed yourself on 30 a week in LA.\nDavid Miscarriage, I mean Miscavage is an SP. And the Orgs refuse to see it Hes done no training, and I cant stand watching him on video of the  Events. Ive met some genuine people at the Orgs, but I know too much and I cantget past the so called C.O.B. More like S.O.B.\nOne down, !\nReligious businesses need to be taxed.  Individual believers can give to those in need all by themselves.  We do not need to funnel billions of $ through a religious business org. who takes a large percentage of the donations for operating costs.\nCan you imagine the tax revenue that would be generated by the Catholic church alone?\nHow exactly does losing tax exempt status equal having their beliefs trampled on? Is part of their belief system tied to the tax code somehow? Nobody is shutting down their offices, nobody is telling them they have to stop doing anything at all. How does having to pay taxes interfere with your spiritual practice in any way?\nIts about time this phony religion got its due. L Ron Hubbard was a science fiction writer who created this religion in his mind. Maybe the IRS can collect on back taxes. They should also go after other religions who own excessive properties and buildings. Thousands of acres, Church leaders who live in mansions and own exotic cars, planes and boats. The Biggest Scam of All: Pastor Creflo Dollar Will Get His $65 Million Luxury Jet.\nI can barley afford to pay my rent, buy food and pay medical bills along with car insurance.\nI guess some scientologist never loaded the CD program that was so heavily push on them, into there computer which blocks out the anti-scientologist web sites that are critical to there organization. I remember friends of mine who have been long out of it, telling me of one of Hubbards comments, the day that the church becomes he master of your mind, it ceases being a church\nThis entitys programs were suppose to help people become more able in thinking critically and decision making, even living, work. I have seen people where were really good artist, now crashed, no motivation when they went out for rehabbing there abilitys and drive! Several thousand dollars lost and no results!\nAnother very talented barite individual with a Yael scholarship, gave it all up for this Church, now he is no lounger in it , and works as a security guard. A long way to fall when he had such a promising future to look forward to.\nI would encourage people to read Leah Remini book Troublemaker, wouldnt mind talking with her since we know some of the same people.\nNext, take on Joel Osteens church and the other ones who are violating their 501(C)3 by getting involved in politics.  According to the rules of the 501(C)3, they cant be involved in politics.\nIllegal in Germany\nReally??? All this story that they have  believed and taught and passed on. They have tapped on people s brains and their finances and just now are considered criminal? Well good for the US government for putting the halt on this. And what was their founder L Ron Hubbard smoking to come up with a bunch of crap story..must of been some terrible shit! Down with their whole story and God help the people that are in it. Find the truth in a relationship with God..not with some type of made up religion that takes your money and your brain.\nUSA Govt. knows what to do with the tax.\nXenu be praised\nI like turtles\nGreat! Next AIPAC should have their tax exempt status retroactively revoked. A lobby of a foreign government makes a secret backroom deal with the DOJ and suddenly they get special treatment and the State Dept. and the IRS ignore the obvious. Get Israel out of our pockets and out of our government.\nI wonder why every one in the Old school sci-fi writer community never told people this was all a joke bet bade by L Ron that he could make more many off a fake religion than off dozen sci-fi book . They bet took place in a bar in Berkeley one  night when bunch of the major Sci-fi writer were  meeting .  He filed for Protection in the 60s  for taxes sighting the group based off his book Dianetics was the foundation of a religion and the church was called Scientology. the hold scam was  that he could make money and fool the government as well .\nWith the taxes  they got away paying  they got away with tons. they need to back pay billions and return all the funds taken too as it under a lie that they were taken.\nGood.   Theyre a witheringly evil cult of money-grubbing monsters.\nThe article begins with a Supreme Court decision, and ends with Attorneyshave thirty days to appeal\nTo which court can they appeal?  If they can appeal, the court decision is not Supreme.\nTheyre going to do some really neat stuff with the money?  I could help them and other people to do that for a few millions also.\nId like to know how one goes about appealing a Supreme Court decision. Normally, once the SCOTUS makes a decision, only the court can change its decision (in a later case) or the legislative process has to change the related law. Which leads me to think either this article is bogus or the author doesnt know how the whole process works.\nFuck Scientology!\nWhy go for the small guns  christianity and islam have to be next! Just imagine the BILLIONS of dollars that would return to the people if that happened. Besides if god really did exist, and was with them on having so many churches, wouldnt he provide?\nRender unto Caesar\nAll churches should be taxed in some wayespecially the mega ones\nFirst of all let examine their philosophy.\n Scientology teaches that 75 million years ago an evil galactic overlord named Xenu, ruler of a Galactic Confederacy, decided to tackle overpopulation by rounding up 13.5 trillion people in DC-8-like spacecraft, flying them to Earth (then known as Teegeeack), dropping them in the volcanoes of Hawaii and vaporizing them with hydrogen bombs.\nTheir spirits, known as thetans, attached themselves to humans at the dawn of man, and according to Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard is the root cause of all our fears, confusion and problems. For humans to reach a clear state, thetans must be removed from the body through therapy sessions, known within Scientology as auditing.\nDoes anyone else wonder how scientology has over 4 members with such ridiculous bs as the above explanation. I cannot imagine people being so stupid to believe this crap.\nWow. Just wow. Glad to see Scientology recognized as the money-making scam it has always been, but shocked at the ignorance of the judicial system in the U.S. Any court ruling can be appealed, the sole difference with USSC rulings is the process. Since there is no higher court, the appeal is considered by the same court. It takes 25 days for a Supreme Court ruling to become finalized if it is not appealed, and that stops if an appeal that has merit is filed. Any actions based on the original decision are stopped when an appeal is filed. The Justices have 10 days to determine whether the appeal has sufficient merit to warrant a re-hearing. If so, its added to the court docket, and if not, the 25 day countdown starts over. If they have enough money and enough lawyers, they could potentially drag this out for years to come.\nMost appeals are final. The court of appeals decision usually will be the final word in the case, unless it sends the case back to the trial court for additional proceedings, or the parties ask the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case. In some cases the decision may be reviewed en banc, that is, by a larger group of judges (usually all) of the court of appeals for the circuit.\nA litigant who loses in a federal court of appeals, or in the highest court of a state, may file a petition for a writ of certiorari, which is a document asking the Supreme Court to review the case. The Supreme Court, however, does not have to grant review. The Court typically will agree to hear a case only when it involves an unusually important legal principle, or when two or more federal appellate courts have interpreted a law differently. There are also a small number of special circumstances in which the Supreme Court is required by law to hear an appeal.\nThis is awesome news! I was a Scientologist in the late 70s and through until 1988. While I was a member I was constantly harassed about money for the bridge. The registrars tried to act like I was their friend, but I knew it was about money! Also, the church tried to keep me away from my family and friends I had made while I was there. Almost everyone I knew that I got into the church eventually came around. Anyone who has been involved with the C of S knows how manipulative they are. I asked for my money that was left in my account and that was it, I got declared ( a suppressive person)and am proud to say so. I wish sometimes still that I could sue them, but it has been so long. Most of the time I am fine, but I still get angry about it sometimes. I hope this is the beginning of the end of that so called church!!!\nFinally, the government did the right thing and revoked this scams  tax exemption. I only regret that it didnt happen sooner.\nI had a friend who tried to convert me to this nonsense, and I am so glad I didnt. She was saving up to take a course that cost some insane amount that she said would enable her to levitate and to walk through walls. I couldnt believe that someone would be so gullible, but then shes already paid out thousands to be audited so that she could achieve Operating Thetan status. Go figure.\nI hope that someone sues the hell out of David Miscavige for the huge con hes been running all this time.\nSo do I, hes a greedy nasty entity. When Hubbard needed help Miscavige went  gamblng in Las Vegas. Hubbard was fed anti psychotic drugs that killed him. David knew what he was doing, evil.\nAfter tonight 20/20  they need to investigated much more deeply. its bad that this sham is going on.\nLets follow through with christians, jews, muslims and all the other frauds!\nNeed to do the same with islam..\nHow will we stop the dastardly evil Putinhitler!?\nThe Soviets are coming! Evil Russian hackers are everywhere! Ahhhhh!\nGreat article Mr. Rustling!\nGuys, lets celebrate!!! Good vs evil always wins, eventually\njust great, thats it and thats all\nIts called common senseor maybe evolutionbut yeahlets partaaay!!! :D:D", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-03-13T09:10:32-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "In a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court today, the eight justices ruled in favor of revoking the Church of Scientology's tax-exempt status in the United States. Under the ruling, Scientology will still be able to operate as a business but no longer as a non-profit religious organization."}
{"title": "DRUGS IN COLORADO: New Deadly Strain Of Marijuana Turning Users Gay - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/marijuana-in-colorado-turning-users-gay/", "text": "Just when you thought the drug problem in Colorado could not get any worse, law enforcement officials are now reporting incidents of marijuana users not only overdosing and dying, but also turning gay.\nDENVER C.O. (AP)  Weve never seen anything like this before, said Dr. Hans Vermhat of the Barrow Neurological Institute. The drug addicts in Colorado are injecting a new strain of marijuana that changes the chemical makeup in the brains receptors which control the users like or dislike of the opposite sex; ultimately turning them into a flaming homosexual.\nMichele Leonhart, DEA chief of operations in Denver, told ABC news that marijuana related problems in Colorado have quadrupled since its legalization a little over three years ago.\nThe idea of 100% marijuana legalization all throughout this great country is reckless, irresponsible and to simplify my response down to its most simplest answer; absolutely bird-brained, Leonhart said. This new gay marijuana that I am referring to, AKA Homo Kush 69, well frankly, it scares us. There are good, clean-living, straight kids out there that because of just one snort of this evil drug are suddenly transformed into gay, perverted, masturbating space demons. How much longer do politicians need to keep this deadly experiment going before the universe implodes on itself?\nLocal Denver resident, 37-year-old Paul Horner, told Denver News Channel 7 details of his horrifying experience while loaded on the drug.\nRight after I injected the pot I knew something was terribly wrong, Horner said. My friend Dave, who I dont even really like, well, we were so high from this stuff, we started making out and giving each other HJs. I used to like girls, I swear! Horner suddenly breaks down in tears, I wish I would have never became addicted to drugs because I dont like lady naughty parts anymore, I only like ding-dongs!\nLeonhart finished by telling Colorado residents what to be on the lookout for in order to help keep your family safe.\nI urge the great people of Colorado to be on the lookout for Homo Kush 69, the sharing of pot needles and especially gay stoners. These potheads dont care if they turn gay or not, all they care about is getting their next fix.\nThe DEA is urging residents who have information about this homosex strain of marijuana to call the Denver Police Department at (785) 273-0325. As always, you can remain anonymous.\nThis is Obamas fault! His liberal, weak stance on drug laws has caused this horrible epidemic to occur! Goddamn Muslim who doesnt are about this country! Impeach now!\nThis is too funny for words!  Where was this stuff when I was growing up?  Oh right, I was already gay, lolol.  This is definitely something I would share with my straight friends alll of them, lolol.\nwhoever wrote this is a religious nutjob whacko in the Enth degee; sounds just like something my own mother would repeat that she heard someone swear that it was Gods truth.  So may I suggest that all of you just ZIP it.\nYoure a total idiot.  Get over your inbred racism.  We have less joblessness and a stronger economy even though your bigoted view will never allow you to accept a productive Black man.  Please, continue on to your Klan meeting.\nMore people are unemployed today than were unemployed during the Great Depression! Lowest labor participation rate since Great Depression. 95 Million Americans are unemployed! 50 million Americans are on Food Stamps. 50 Million Americans on Social Security Disability. 90% of Americans are drawing SOME form of assistance from the Govt, monthly! A True Unemployment rate (UE6) of >10%.  $20 Trillion in debt!\nYeah Id say this economys fuckin booming!\nThey need to do more in this country to protect children from drugs and gayness\nAnd idiots who believe pot can make you gay.\nthe last I heard you dont use a needle to do pot and you dont snort it, you smoke it or eat it, this was a dumb article and so full of crap, this is not real only an idiot would believe this story as being fact based.\nExactly\nIve gotten an HJ from a guy after smoking weed, I wonder if it was this gay herb? I was gay before I started smoking weed though\nThese heathens need to stop smoking the Devils Lettuce and stick with good ol reliable crack cocaine!\nThey need to stop fucking around and make all drugs legal!!!\nI love injecting gay reefer!!!\nThat needs to be a sticker!\nPretty cool to get both gay and dead from a pot needle. Must be a HELL of a weed! Is it available online yet  ? And how do you use it: Like Lite it, then snort it through a needle, exhale smoke, eat a cupcake! ?\nI dont know if this article could possibly be the most moronic article ever. Yes, yes I believe it could. Most people know cannabis should be straight up legalized now and offenders should be released. And people are born gay. Get on the right side of both these issues or continue to look ignorant.\nBwhahaha! That is hilarious. Dont forget to try the Chunky Diesel mixed with Bomb Caviar when you are in Colorado and now out of state ID can buy up to an ounce at one time. Colorado ber Alles!\nMichelle Reinhart is an idiot the chief of Dea check it out on YouTube She blatantly says that heroin cocaine and methamphetamine are more dangerous than marijuana combined this lady is out of her damn mind\nMichelle meinhart the chief of DEA is an idiot she believes that heroin cocaine and methamphetamine are more dangerous and deadly than marijuana combined the video is on YouTube anyways\nJust stupid, stupid, stupid.\nBuncha goddman maggot infested dopersmokers long haired FM types with their phoney baloney plastic banana good time rock and roll.\nThe glorious Peoples Republik of Colorado should build a great wall around their borders to keep out those Kotexas and Kalifornia pinko commie rat scum!\nMasturbate yourself right now for Satan!\nPROFESSIONAL NEWS TEAM\nDEDICATED TO BRINGING YOU IMPARTIAL COVERAGE ON THE ISSUES THAT REALLY MATTER\nOUR EXPERT TEAM OF EXPERT SCIENTISTS AND REPORTERS ENSURES ACCURATE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION\nI love this article. It is more fun to laugh at lameasses.\nAlmost as fun as laughing at Coloradans who cant drive for shit while sporting their native plates and crying about all the dopers from Kalifornia and the Peoples Republik of Texas moving in and jacking the rents up.\nIve seen it happen with my own eyes. A good neighbor of mine took just one hit from a traveling bong salesman and immediately gave me his whole gun collection, and even all the stuffed stags he had stashed in his garage, and took off with the pizza delivery boy.\nMarijuana is the Devil!!!\nSeems to me that the effect of all this crap is more on the IQ (in a disastrous way) than on sexual orientation and/or preference.\nPraise Fappy!", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:10:54-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "DENVER C.O. (AP) \u2014 \u201cWe\u2019ve never seen anything like this before,\u201d said Dr. Hans Vermhat of the Barrow Neurological Institute. \u201cThe drug addicts in Colorado are injecting a new strain of marijuana that changes the chemical makeup in the brain's receptors which control the users like or dislike of the opposite sex; ultimately turning them into a flaming homosexual.\u201d"}
{"title": "Design better graphics with The Premium Photoshop Add-On Bundle - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/design-better-graphics-with-the-premium-photoshop-add-on-bundle/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Travel", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Building a Gimbal in Rust: An Introduction - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/building-a-gimbal-in-rust-an-introduction/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Tech", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Fireman Suspended & Jailed By Atheist Mayor For Praying At Scene Of Fire - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/fireman-suspended-and-jailed-by-atheist-mayor/", "text": "DEQUINCY, LA (AP)  Early this morning, a small town in Louisiana suspended one of its firefighters, 39-year-old Ronnie Edwards, without pay for praying while on duty at the scene of a fire. Edwards, who has been with the DeQuincy Fire Department since he was 21, was also arrested and sentenced to 30 days in jail.\nI just do what our Lord & Savior, Jesus Christ, would do, Edwards told local DeQuincy news station DQLA6. Its not about me, its about spreading his message, you know? He works through me, Im just fortunate enough to be part of that.\nAccording to sources within the DeQuincy Fire Department, Edwards, known to locals as The Praying Fireman, has been praying at the scene of fires since he joined the department in 1998, and it is only recently that the ritual has become an issue.\nRonnie [Edwards] would always pray after we put out a fire, most of the time in the front yard or something, fellow firefighter Eugene Ketchum said. It never really bothered anyone, it was just something he did. We put our lives on the line whenever we respond to a fire. I figure if praying helps him out then why not let the guy pray?\nKetchum said that things changed in 2014 when DeQuincy elected the first democratic mayor in its history, an African American atheist named Lawana Jones. He said that when Jones heard that Edwards made a habit of praying at fires she sent a memo to all city employees advising them that any expression of personal religious belief while on duty was a violation of their contract with the city.\nAccording to DeQuincy city attorney Paul Horner, Jones made four previous attempts to address the issue personally with Edwards, but Edwards became more defiant with each meeting.\nRefusal to obey an official city order is a misdemeanor and we must take action to address the crime, Horner told reporters. We didnt want to suspend the man and have him arrested but we were out of options.\nMayor Jones, spoke with ABC News, about her decision to suspend and imprison Edwards for praying while at work.\nIm not anti-religious, said Mayor Jones in a written statement, But there is an appropriate time and place for everything. When he prays while on duty, he gives the impression that the City of DeQuincy is endorsing one particular religion over another. That is not the message that my office wants to send; its not what the people of DeQuincy elected me to do. Jones continued, If you live in a county where democracy is established, you should be aware that the idea of the separation of church and state is the only way to prevent the government from forcing religion on you and directing your religion and its doctrines. Religion is one of the most important factors in most peoples lives and it should be treated with reverence. In order to keep the government from directing religion and making it change how you are allowed to believe, church and state need to be separate. This allows for more openness when it comes to the decisions of the country. And in a world where everyone has different beliefs and different religions, a forced religion can cause an uprising and the dissolvent of a nation. Youre supposed to do your job, not involve politics and religion into it.\nACLU spokesperson Cassandra Schmidt told ABC News the organization supports Mayor Jones devotion to the separation of church and state and said that the ACLU would cover 100% of the citys legal fees should Mr. Edwards try and sue the city.\nJones won the office after promising to fix the citys fledgling schools and bring new economic opportunity to the area. In that time, she has brought in over 300 good paying jobs, which has enabled her to increase city funding to the DeQuincy school district by 32%. DeQuincys test scores have also already shown significant improvement.\nStill, many in the town are wondering if what they have gained is worth what they have lost.\nMy brother wasnt hurtin nobody, Edwardss 30-year-old sister Tami Hobart said. Most people in DeQuincy is Christian, and I think we all took comfort in knowing that his heart was right with the Lord before he risked his life. It feels like we sold our souls to get that cat food factory and them fancy new textbooks.\nRepublican Presidential Nominee, Donald Trump, caught wind of Edwards misfortune and while speaking to Fox News offered some harsh words for Mayor Jones.\nI can tell you; when I win the White House, theres gonna be changes in DeQuincy. Theyre gonna reinstate Ronnie Edwards, theyre gonna give him his back pay, theyre gonna give him restitution for the time he spent in jail, and Lawana Jones is going to pay for it. And if Mayor Jones doesnt want to do that, Ill have her thrown in jail so fast her head will spin.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate aricles they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the sex reassignment surgery my wife Barbara always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. Mikkleson continues, A typical story of ours makes wild claims, using grammatical errors, misspellings and words like umimumimaginative, recycled, hoax, saying that a story illegally appropriates the trademarks of legitimate news organizations, but we list no links or sources of information, they are all just wild claims by us. And that story will get 50,000 shares or more on Facebook, thats a lot of ad revenue for only writing a couple sentences. Mikkelson further explains, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, its so funny! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain and complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Our writers like Zarronandia go as far as to say that the story originated from a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. But we dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and as I said before, I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work?\nIn spite of all that has happened, Edwards says that he is not bitter.\nThe Bible says that there will be sacrifices when you choose to follow the path of righteousness; it says that you will be reviled by the wicked. I will continue to pray that Mayor Jones comes to accept Jesus Christ, and will keep praying that God sees fit to put Donald Trump in the White House, but whether or not any of that happens, I still trust God and know that everything is happening according to his divine plan.\nEdwards is scheduled to begin serving his 30-day jail sentence at the DeQuincy City Jail on November 5th, the same day as Paul Horners birthday. Edwards told ABC News that he encourages, Those wishing to support his cause, to support a charity that gives news socks to the homeless, called Sock It Forward.\nIf you have any questions regarding the case, you can contact the DeQuincy City Attorneys Office at (785) 273-0325.\nTheres nothing wrong with praying at these fires! They need to imprison this bitch mayor!\nHe is protected by the Constitution. Its his right to pray anywhere he wants. Id sue this mayor and the city.\nFayes think alike. The mayor should be fired for infringing on this mans religious rights. He should definitely sue her.\nWhat they need to do is hang that bitch in town square and leave her hanging a few days.\nThink of the bight side!  When the MAN comes around,  Hes gonna send that SOB straight to hell. Mr. Edwards, I remember when people like you were common place.  Believe it or not, but when I was growing up people use to pray at school, they prayed at work, they  prayed  before ball games, they even prayed before eating  meals.    Do what you do and suffer the consequences, because theyre nothing compared to Mayor Jones consequences:\nAnd I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder\nOne of the four beasts saying,,\nCome and see. and I saw,\nAND I HEARD A VOICE IN THE MIDST OF THE FOUR BEAST AND I LOOKED AND BEHOLD,  A PALE HORSE    ITS NAME IT SAID ON HIM WAS DEATH  AND HELL FOLLOWED WITH HIM!!!\nLike upside down? She be dead in 30min\nYou are a horrible person.\nTotally agree\nThis airhead mayor has it backwards its the government that cannot interfere with his prayers\nI would pray too if I was risking my life\nAgree\nI applaud the city of DeQuincy and their mayor. Religion in the workplace should never happen! This is exactly what separation of Church and State is for\nYou sir are exactly what is wrong with this country.  We were founded on Church & State being basically the same thing and that is what has made us the greatest nation in the world.  As this type of thing continues and is allowed to continue, we will continue to see our nation crumble.\nThe 1st amendment disagrees with you.\nWell said Renae!\nI second the: Well said Renae!\nWelcome to being exactly wrong.\nMost of our founding fathers were happy to shoot people with exactly your opinion, and frankly,  they were right to.\nGo back to England, redcoat.  Your dogmatic slavery  to church orthodoxy has no place in America the free.\nWhere religion is in power, no man is ever free.\nNot one.   Not ever.\nFrank Atkinson, How is religion in power here?\nJohn Adams Quotes. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.\nWell said Reneeagree\nBet this Athiest wouldnt be concerned if it was a Muslim praying on duty.  Our nation has gone to hell,\nWhy do you assume that he would not be concerned about a Muslim prayer?  Why on earth would an atheist not have the same opinion about both prayers?\nYour assumption simply makes zero sense.\nOf course he would be as concerned.  A prayer to one imaginary being is no different than the other imaginary being.\nYou know I see this kind of stupid comment a lot and have to assume the author of this kind of comment must be some special kind of idiot to think that.\n@SecularYakking, with your name calling comment I see your liberal ways are in high gear. First off, the Mayor is a she, secondly Im sure she wouldnt say a word. Why? Because some people have become too scared to say anything to the Muslim religion for fear of being called a bigot, racist, islamiphobist etc, and being punished by our corrupt federal govt. Didnt you get the memo? Its ok to express your beliefs and opinions, as long as youre not a white, pro 2nd Amendment, God fearing Christian with conservative values. Her tactics are completely asinine, if he wants to pray, or any person for that matter regardless of their religion, let them pray. I may not agree with their beliefs, but this is a free countryfor now.\nSorry Michael that you are so brain dead.  You dont know your own countries history.  Some people dont like using a spoon so does that mean if someone sees you using a spoon rather than a fork while at lunch working for the citythey should be arrested for their personal taste?  Its ignorant morons like you who dont have clue to what the real issues are and how important a part they played in the founding of the greatest nation in history.  This act by this fool mayor has nothing to do with religion or religious rights but a political agenda which if continues will destroy the very freedoms you now enjoy by being able to post your foolish thoughts.\n^^^^ Youre right Rickey, he definitely needs to see a brain surgeon!\nI would love to hear about the boys applying a proper blanket party for the Godless Mayor.\nThis is exactly what is wrong\nYou, Michael, are a sworn enemy of freedom and western ethos. What is it like to be a communist?\n^^^^ Greatly said Justinian!\nYou couldnt be more wrong.  Separation of church and state was to keep government out of religion, not religion out of government.  God reigns supreme and His presence is everywhere!  I wont deny others their religious preferences, but how dare anyone deny mine this is the freedom many Americans have fought and died to protect this is America!!!\nFirst off there is NOTHING in the constitution that says separation of church and state that is a modern false notion that people have iinterpreted the founding fathers to mean.  For those that doubt what the founding fathers meant let me direct your attention that at the time they came to this country, before it was even a country, the religion of England was the Church of England. which is Angelican.  They wanted the freedom to go to the church of their choice and practice how they believed without being told which church they HAD to go to  So when our constitution says that Congress shall make no law establishing religion they meant that Congress should not declare a particular religion to be the official religion of the United States.  Second of all the mayor in this case has violated the firefighters constitutional rights.  Not only of the United States constitution also that of the State of Louisana.  Because of the violations of the firefighters rights, I would urge everyone to call the town and complain.  Make their phone system go nuts with calls complaining about this as well as fill the inboxes of the major and their legal department with emails regarding this as well.  I sincerely hope that the ACLJ gets involved with this case to support the firefighter.\nThis has absolutely nothing to do with the separation of Church and State which leftist Dems have a convoluted understanding of. The fire Dept was not establishing any religion whatsoever. I garauntee you if the firefighter was waving crystals and chanting ineligible words, nothing would be said. The Mayor is lying through her teeth if shes saying that she respects the right for people to be religious, but theres theres a time and place for that. Well tell that to a Muslim who works for the city and see how far that goes. She would back off like the cowardly lion in front of the Oz!   Atheism is a religion wether she wishes to believe it or not. So from here on out, you can kiss this cities prosperity good bye!\nThe separation of church and state means there will not be a State Religion. We fled from England and the Church of England to find freedom. It has nothing to do with a firefighter praying at a fire scene.\nHow does someone praying at a fire violate church and state? HOW?\nThis is bullshit!\nNowhere in the Constitution is there any mention of separation of church and state. That is a fabrication made by ignorant people in their attempt to garner control. Read the first amendment. The reason it was written that way is because they didnt want another Church of England over here. Being free to worship God in the way you see fit is the cornerstone of that part of the amendment and the Mayor, in her zeal, violates to the core, that  (part of the) amendments very purpose. What she did was shove her beliefs down Firefighter Edwards throat. Now, what was that about separation of church and state? She worships at the alter of Lawana Jones.\nA fabrication made by Thomas Jefferson and upheld by several supreme court cases.\nYou know what else isnt mentioned directly in the Constitution?\nThe Air Force\nCongressional Districts\nThe Electoral College\nExecutive Order\nExecutive Privilege\nFreedom of Expression\n(Absolute) Freedom of Speech and Press\nFrom each according to his ability\nGod\nImmigration\nImpeachment means removal from office\nInnocent until proven guilty\nIts a free country\nJudicial Review\nJury of Peers\nLife, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness\nMarriage\nMartial Law\nNo taxation without representation\nNumber of Justices in the Supreme Court\nOf the people, by the people, for the people\nPaper Money\nPolitical Parties\nPrimary Elections\nQualifications for Judges\nThe right to privacy\nThe right to travel\nThe right to vote\nYet all of these are currently held as constitutional.  Funny thing, the interpretation of the Constitution gives us these rights,but you want to ignore one just because you dont agree with it.\nAm I missing the point here? Maybe the story doesnt paint the full picture.\n There is a fire, out of control\n He decides its time to publicly pray in uniform\n Hed been warned previously about publicly endorsing a specific religion whist in uniform\nPaul, Please read the article: Ronnie [Edwards] would always pray after we put out a fire, most of the time in the front yard or something,\nYour point is? Are you aware that you can do a job and pray at the same time. He didnt leave to go to the nearest church. This is nothing more but a bully mayor, (I knew before I even read the mayors gender, that it was a woman. ) BTW: Separation of church and state is not in the constitution, and it actually meant that the STATE CANT FORCE THEIR RELIGION ON PEOPLE, NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND\nHe waited till they were ready to leave the site.   As a christian I am tired of those that allow the freedom of speech to cover those that will offend me such as sitting during the National Anthem but persecute someone that may offend them.  They are both exercising their right to free speech.\nHe is working at the time but everyone gets a break according to Labor laws.  Kaepernick is also in uniform, at work, and exercising his right to free speech and he is being defended and made a poster boy for freedom of speech.  I see no difference between the two.\nYou should be able to pray no matter what\nI am ashamed to be called a Louisianian . This mayor has used her position to gain attention for herself. Since there have been no complaints by the people whom he prayed for then why try to buy in to the media attention, Mayor. If you dont belive there is a God and we are all fools then what are you so scared of? Yeah you know that there is. Even the demons believed. And you are scared of Gods power. Hope and pray that God will allow me to see your face the day after the rapture!\nRELIGIOUS PERSECUTION, THE TOWNSHIP HAS COMMITTED A HATE CRIME,\nSEND ALL 10,000 SYRIAN REFUGEES TO DEQUINCY, LA.\nTheyll be able to teach the mayor about religion !!!!!!\nI love that idea!  Lol.\nExactly.\nSeriously, you cant stop someone from praying. I pray all day long and no one knows but God.\nHow can something be all right for 240 years, but suddenly, in year 241, a town elects a person to be mayor who objects to that action and boom! That action is no longer acceptable. Says who? The majority of the people in our nation dont agree with with garbage like what this woman is pulling. As stated above, the first amendment is written to keep the state out of the church. That principle has been sorely violated in the latter part of last century and continuing into this one. Conclusion: the fireman was completely within his rights. His rights have been violated. I wonder if the Alliance Defending Freedom would be interested in getting involved.\nDequincy needs to start a recall petition today.  The voters got her in office and now need to get her out of office.  One major problem with our nation s we have taken God out of our schools, laws, supreme court, etc.  We have to reverse the trend and put God first in our lives.  We have freedom of religion and if a fireman wants to pray he should be able to anywhere.\nThis is what the Democrats and public employee unions have done to this country and whats going to happen to this city:\nThe Most Shameful Injustice: In this first video in the new FIREWALL series, host Bill Whittle shows what four, five, six, seven or more decades of Death by Democrats has done to our nations cities. I encourage people, if humanly possible, to watch the first twenty minutes of the movie Lean on Me before watching this video. (Not the You Tube version) Youll get it after watch them.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weqQR-NnnIs\nThe New Shame of the Cities by John Perazzo (booklet) Read about how Democrats & Teachers Unions have helped destroy our cities and school system.\nGovernment Unions: How They Rob the Taxpayer, Terrorize Workers and Threaten Our Democracy by Matthew Vadum.\nPlunder: How Public Employee (Teachers, city and county, cops and fire) Unions Are Raiding Treasuries, Controlling Our Lives and Bankrupting the Nation by Steven Greenhut\nTeachers Unions vs. Students\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG8w9PcA-ig\nArticle: America Doesnt Have a Gun Problem. It Has a Democrat Problem by Daniel Greenfield.\nFacts on firearms in the USA. What country leads the world in murders per capita?\nhttps://www.facebook.com/UncleSamsChildren/videos/510211799174824/\nThis is the BEST and smartest gun argument I have heard yet\nhttps://www.facebook.com/rik.sexton/videos/4123638147897/\nRead The War Against Boys: How Misguided Feminism Is Harming Our Young Men by Christina Hoff Sommers.\nWar on Boys (Prager U. You Tube Video)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFpYj0E-yb4\ni love Dequincy.    Our local news is all over this.\nIm not anti-government, but I am anti-stupidity -especially arbitrary government stupidity. It seems to me that when facing a deadly fire and the prospect of putting that fire out in order to protect  someones home and property is THE PLACE and THE TIME to pray.\nEveryone needs prayer especially the ones who say they dont need it. Thank God for firemen that do pray.\nHow terrible. Shame on this Mayor!! It is this firefighters American right to pray if he wants to!!\nThat fireman does not represent the entire state or county when he prays at these fires.  If someone has a problem with it then so be it.  Get over it and mind your own business.  Maybe you wouldnt be so miserable if you worried as much about yourself as much as you worry about what everyone else is doing.  If you dont believe in God or like that a person is worshiping God, then get out there next to him and worship whatever being or Satan that you believe in rather than condemning him for his beliefs.  I could care less what anyone else is doing as long as it is not jeopardizing my safety or someone elses.  You are never going to be able to make everyone happy; therefore, the state is being discriminatory, against whom ever is not happy.  At some point, people need to just stop. How about I say, I dont like your hair cut, or the clothes you wear, then the Government steps in and makes a law that you have to have your hair cut a certain way or wear certain clothes.  It is never ending. The Government should be more worried about perfecting the existing criminal laws rather than making stupid laws about personal preferences to religion because some idiot wants to whine and cry about it.  I am just so sick of all of these adults out there acting like they are 5 years old fighting over who has what toy.  Small children have an excuse to act like that, but adults do not.  Maybe they should fire the person who complained about him praying because they obviously dont have enough to do if they have that much time to whine or make a formal complaint.\nWhat a difference..then and now. Then, during WWII for ex. we as a Nation prayed. There are pictures of the soldiers and their liders, praying in the battle field. We won that war, THANKS TO GOD! Instead, we began to think we won because of our strength and the weapons! The proof that prayer is the key to our strength, is how we grew stronger than the rest of the world! Today we are relying ourselves on whom?! At the same pace we began to abandon God, He has been a bandoning us! And so here we are! Are those who caused all these pathetic situation that we are now, happy?!\nI WOULD SAY IT IS TIME TO RECALL AND REPLACE THE MAYOR ..\nthis is why i hate liberals.\nIve addressed this issue hundreds of times in the past. Can anyone show me in the U.S. Constitution, where it mentions anything about SEPARATION OF CHURCH and STATE.\nPYRO above hits the nail right on the head.\nGood.   The sooner we can throw religious tomfoolery out in its ass, the sooner we can devote our time and attention to things that actually accomplish something useful.\nI think on Election Day, they need to vote in a new Mayor. Just saying!\nIm with the firefighter. That mayor is awful.ruining his career etc..so very wrong in so many aspects.\nThe only problem I see with this is they claim he was praying before the fire was contained.\nYou didnt read the story? Ronnie [Edwards] would always pray after we put out a fire, most of the time in the front yard or something, fellow firefighter Eugene Ketchum said.\nI would sue the mayor & the city, his first amendment rights says he can pray whenever he wants  Separation of Church & States was meant to keep the government out of religion  Also sounds like this idiot just destroyed his political career\nThis is the beginning of the Leftist Liberal Democratic government. Thank you local Democrat Party for kicking GOD out of the USA! What these parasites want are more illegal critters with their diseases, drugs, violence and cultures to become the new States of America. This is what will come to our nation if Hillary Clinton is elected. Hillary Clinton will be the GOD of America. Anyone resisting and opposing her will be locked away in concentration camps and worked to death. Do not cry unconstitutional! There will be no Constitution!! Hillary is full of sick hate and paranoid fears. And, she wants all the cash in the world! She will start with We, The People. She will go after the Leftist Liberals, next. Particularly if they are not far enough left! This is Hillarys new nation! AMERICA WILL BE DEAD!! Go on Leftist Liberals, elect this homicidal, habitual lying, compulsive thieving Bitchf into what was the White House.\nIn the most corrupt and inefficient state of Louisiana, even this must be a low point.   Betcha there arent too many Black female atheists around.  Im sure that would be an interesting story.\nThis is horrible! Fire that mayor!\nThis mayor is about the most disgusting, despicable, evil humans on the Earth.  Just look at their signs.  Check out a couple Youtube videos.  They are insane.\n2016 for ya.\nThe world we live in.unfortunately.\nWhen he prays while on duty, he gives the impression that the City of DeQuincy is endorsing one particular religion over another.  And when he is suspended/jailed for praying it makes the city of DeQuincy look like it prefers no religion, is anti-God and Christian haters.  Personally I think every firefighter in the city should refuse to respond to any emergency until this idiot mayor is terminated!\nYeah, maybe they should just stop fighting fires and just pray the flames away.  That will show that mayor.\nDont buy into BS like this! Contact your Representatives! Get this mayor removed from office!\nThis is total crap!\nIf praying  prior, during  or  after  a fire or EMS  call  were illegal  Id  be serving  a life  sentence ,  I pray on EVERY   call\nMost of you need to go back to school and get a higher education than K12. The 1st Amendment protects your right to go to church, synogogue, mosque, public radio/broadcasting, etc without being persecuted. Which means cops or soldiers cant beat the fuck out of you for following your beliefs. The exception to the rule is when you have a state or government job, your religion stays at the door with these jobs. The mayor was following the law, you are not supposed to show favoritism to any religion or display it while on the job, what you do in your personal time is on you.\nBet shes muslim and not atheist !\nit reminds me of the other Black  guy we has in office .just like all the other politican just a quick get sckeme to get rich then laugh at all of us rednecks .i go along with the sheet over her head plan and everyone have a big stick an run her out of office.that is happening with the mention of hilliary clinton they made all their tax deductable TO THIER OWN CHARITYand they said she didnt do any thing ,if it was one of us we would already be in jail .this stupid MAYOR is in the same catagory.if i was in that i would have booted out of office.they always said if you wait long enough their true colors will come out!!!!!GOD said he would not help those who could help themselves.SO DEQUINCY ITS TIME YALL GET A PETITION AND KICK BL*%^)+ ASS OUT OF OFFICE. see the serpent gave eve an apple an yall have seen the outcome GOD BLESS ALL OF YALL\nI want to know when this was put into each unions contract!!!!!  No union would allow such a abuse of power by any employer private or public!\nI expect that the people of this small town will recall her in the spring.\nWho sentenced him to 30 days in jail????\nI expect that the new Department of Justice will review this case under the 1st, 4th, and 5th amendments of the US Constitution.\nWait till Matthew 24 is in full swing and they start chopping off Believers heads in America\nMore End Time News At: shininginthedark\nCall the Attornys office phone number and complain!\nThe mayor needs to be run out of town!\nMayor needs to be run out of town!\nMy goodness. After reading all this unwarranted vitriol, I start to wonder where have all the christians gone?\nArent firemen allowed a break after fighting fire? Was Edwards really on duty?  It seems to me that an appeal is in order, at that some people need to be taught to mind their own business!\nAn atheist may claim not to be anti-religious, but an Antitheist is, as an Antitheist does:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antitheism\nI cannot believe Lawanna Jones, This shit is crazy\nTolerance. As an American  first and foremost  the key is tolerance.\nWhile many believe that the Atheist Mayor has a right to do this ~ the firefighter has just as much of a right to Pray I think when we start condemning/criticizing and jailing the people who risk their lives to save our lives ~ this country will suffer a downfall.\nI, for one, am PRAYING for this to be resolved and this firefighter to be reinstated w/ full pay.\nJust sayin\nP.s. I think the Attorneys office has taken the phone off of the hook  Ive been trying to call for 20 minutes and its Busy  LOL\nThe story makes me so mad!!\nAccording to the Bible.  He is blessed! Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness sake. They can do what they want to but there is coming a day when they will stand before God and give an account for what they do to Gods children. Hang in there Mr Edwards. Keep talking to God. Remember Daniel. He was put in the den of lions for praying to God. God protected him. Remember the three hebrew children. They were thrown into the furnace of fire but they were on the winning team. You are on the winning team no matter what happens. Their day will come. Be strong in the Lord all you christains. The Bible says we will be persecuted before the Lord comes again and be thrown in prison. Its happening. God is our source of strength. We are on the winning team. Hold on to Gods promises. He is faithful!\nOnly 2 people on this entire thread are complete idiots simply\nMy name is Buster!!!\nTHIS STORY IS NOT CORRECT.  DEQUINCY DOES NOT HAVE AN AFRICAN AMERICAN MAYOR. NO ONE ON THE FIRE DEPARTMET HAS BEEN JAILED.  NONE OF THE NAMES ARE PEOPLE IN DEQUINCY, LOUISIANA. THE NUMBER LISTED FOR THE CITY ATTORNEY IS A NUMBER IN TOPEKA, KANSAS.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-10T04:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "DEQUINCY, LA (AP) \u2014 Early this morning, a small town in Louisiana suspended one of its firefighters, 39-year-old Ronnie Edwards, without pay for praying while on duty at the scene of a fire. Edwards, who has been with the DeQuincy Fire Department since he was 21, was also arrested and sentenced to 30 days in jail."}
{"title": "Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The National Anthem From Sporting Events Nationwide - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/obama-signs-executive-order-banning-national-anthem/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 14302, which makes it illegal to perform the national anthem at sporting events nationwide. Under the new order, it is now illegal to perform or recite the national anthem in any public venue. Because the anthem is primarily performed before sporting events, this is where the new order will have its biggest impact. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to 5,000 dollars and up to one year in federal prison.\nThe president said that his decision is a show of solidarity with the athletes who have been taking a knee during the anthem to protest police brutality. The President went on to say that the language used in the anthem is violent and hostile to African Americans.\nIf the recent protests by athletes like San Francisco 49ers Quarterback Colin Kaepernick have taught us anything, its that the anthem is far too violent and far too polarizing to have any place in the national discourse. Our nation is being torn apart by a song, a song that is outdated and, jingoistic. Without swift action, we cannot move forward as a nation; we cannot heal the wounds of racial division. How can we expect our police officers to stop killing African Americans when the very song of our nation is one that glorifies killing?\nObama said that he would consider rescinding the order if Congress can come up with a politically correct version that more accurately reflects our changing values as a nation.\nThe days of the United States being a domineering world power that seeks to police the entire world through military force are coming to an end, Obama said. We need an anthem that reflects the nation we are becoming, not the nation we used to be.\nIt has now been over two months since Kaepernick was first spotted sitting down as the national anthem was sung at a preseason NFL game because he refused to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.\nIn a relatively short period of time, his protest of police brutality and racial injustice in the United States has captivated the country and sparked a debate not only about the state of race relations in America, but about what exactly it means to be a patriot.\nDemocratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has already offered her support of President Obamas decree and has vowed to uphold the order if she wins in Novembers general election. She echoed his concerns about the anthems militaristic language and called it one of the last remnants of slavery.\nRepublican presidential nominee Donald Trump had some harsh words for both President Obama and democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over the new Executive Order.\nThe hatred that President Obama and crooked Hillary have for this country really knows no bounds, Trump said at a press conference this morning in southern Iowa. I can tell you that when Im elected Ill have them both thrown in jail, and Ill make sure that they have to listen to the anthem in their jail cells all day long. I just hope we can stop them from rigging the election.\nChicago Cubs third baseman Paul Horner said that he will refuse to play until the Presidents order is reversed.\nThe national anthem is part of the game, Horner told ESPN. He might as well outlaw peanuts and crackerjacks. We always sing the anthem before we play ball, so if they arent going to sing the anthem, Im not going to play ball. I think youre going to find that Im not the only one who feels this way. Ive already got at least ten teammates who are ready to join me in a show of solidarity. I really think we can start a trend here.\nThe reaction to the new Executive Order has not been all negative, however. Denver Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall, who has himself taken a knee in protest of the National Anthem, called this A great day not just for African Americans, but for all Americans who value freedom. He said that encouraging people to sing a song that contains such blatant nationalism and militarism makes us no better than North Korea, and causes the majority of Americans to behave like a pack of rabid, mind-controlled zombies.\nObama also managed to garner the support of MLB commissioner Rob Manfred.\nPeople like to watch sports because they provide a distraction from their day to day lives. the commissioners office told CNN via e-mail. There no need to taint that with political statements. I applaud the Presidents leadership on this difficult issue.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke to CNN about the ban.\nThis is a story about President Obama banning the National Anthem at sporting events around the country, Bradley said. I just want to say a big thanks to every God-fearing, Patriotic American that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told CNN he disagrees with the President\nWhat the President really needs to do is put a ban on masturbation in this country. It is important to remember that our Lord and Savior loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then well burn in Hell for eternity.\nWhile Executive Order 14302 is likely to be challenged in court, experts say it could be tied up for years, meaning that it is unlikely to be reversed before it takes effect on December 1st. In the meantime, they say to expect numerous protests from those who disagree with the presidents decision.\nThe Obama Administration has set up a special 24-hour hotline to address any questions and concerns regarding the new Executive Order. The number for the hotline is (785) 273-0325.\nRadical Islamic Terrorist.\nI wont go to sporting events where the National Anthem isbanned.\nThis has got to be one of the dumbest,shots at Trump and the American people, that Obama, has taken in a long time. He is getting just like Hillary,Desperate, lol lol lol. The poor man is running out of things to throw, just like a little kid in a snow ball fight and he is out of snow and starts throwing sticks, toys, or anything he can find.  Poor lonely man, lost in the big White House and noboby wants him!!!!!\n^You two are idiots.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-11T02:10:55-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 14302, which makes it illegal to perform the national anthem at sporting events nationwide. Under the new order, it is now illegal to perform or recite the national anthem in any public venue. Because the anthem is primarily performed before sporting events, this is where the new order will have its biggest impact. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to 5,000 dollars and up to one year in federal prison."}
{"title": "Obama Signs Executive Order Declaring Investigation Of Election Results; Revote Planned For Dec. 19th - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/obama-signs-executive-order-declaring-investigation-of-election-results/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  Following the results of Tuesday nights election, President Obama has signed Executive Order 13805, which orders a full recount of all votes cast in the election and calls for a special election to be held on December 19th. Obama signed the order in response to the concerns of thousands of voters across the country who said that they were prevented from casting a ballot on election day, too many absentee ballots have not been found or counted, equipment failures, as well as concerns that some members of the electoral college may have acted unethically.\nPeople all over the country have been flooding my office with calls, telling my staff of horror stories about being harassed and intimidated by poll workers, Obama told reporters. Many have even said that they were flat out denied entry into the voting booths to cast their ballots if they were wearing a Hillary Clinton shirt or other signs showing support for her as President. This was especially bad in areas of Florida and North Carolina where there are high numbers of Latino and African American voters. We must investigate these claims. The margin of victory is too close to call, and the outcome of this election is too important. There is just too many legal challenges in too many states to just call this a victory for Trump.\nUnder the Presidents order, the votes cast in all precincts nationwide will be recounted, and all poll workers who took part in Tuesdays election will be subjected to strict background checks. This process is expected to take 30 days. In precincts where the Department of Justice has cause to believe that voter suppression has occurred, new elections will be held on Dec. 19th, with those results being used to help determine who will represent the individual states in the electoral college.\nNot surprisingly, Donald Trump is not happy with the presidents decision.\nCrooked Hillary lost this election fair and square. They tried to rig this election against me, but the American people didnt allow that to happen. President Obama doesnt care about what the American people want. I said the system was rigged all along, and this proves I was right.\nThe president also said that the DOJ will be taking a close look at the members of the electoral college.\nWe have received information from a very reliable source that suggests there may have been some collusion between the members of the electoral college and poll workers in certain swing states. We still need to investigate these claims, but if they are true, we will take all the appropriate actions necessary.\nPaul Horner, a professor of political science at UCLA, believes that the issues with the electoral college run much deeper that this election.\nMost people feel that it is their right as citizens to pick the president of the United States, but there is nothing in the constitution that says that. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by more than 200,000 votes, but because of the electoral college, she still lost. That decision is reserved solely for the 538 electors who meet in their respective states on December 19th. What the people are actually voting for are their states electors, not for the President. Though the system is odd and unfair, it has persisted because many insist that it works just fine as it is, with the winner of the popular and electoral vote usually matching. That does not mean, however, that it will continue to work just fine in the future. The way the system is set up could cause it to malfunction in some potentially terrifying ways, this recent election being one of them.\nPolitical Analyst Matt Daemon told ABC News that he agrees with the Presidents Executive Order and said that he would like to see the electoral college done away with altogether.\n[The electoral college] is a fking joke; we should be using the popular vote instead. It may have made sense in 1788, but so did the three fifths compromise. Everyone should have an equal vote, and thats just not the case with the electoral college. You know what the electoral college gave us? It gave us George W. Bush. It gave us a war in Iraq, and the worst recession since the great depression. Its time to bring our system into the 21st century. I hope Obama fixes this, because president Trump is going to be a nightmare.\nObama finished up the press conference explaining his plans for moving forward.\nWere going to investigate the FBI into their role in all of this, Obama said. Why did FBI director James Comey on Sunday say that the agency is not recommending charges against Clinton after reviewing all of her emails; declaring Hillary Clinton a free women conveniently just one day before the election? Why wasnt this news released earlier? How many votes were lost because of this? Obama said. If all of these questions cannot be answered by our deadline set in December, a recount will be ordered.\nIf you have any questions about the recount or the special December 19th election, you can call the Obama administrations special election hotline at (785) 273-0325.\nWe need to impeach this Muslim President of our! Donald Trump won fair and square!!\nWait. I thought the republicans are preaching that we should respect our president even if we dont like him hypocrisy as usual in the right wing.\nThank God we have someone with a brain to move our country in the right direction, even when the uneducated voters win solely by an antiquated system.\nLet me guess ..A redneck white trash?\nStfu Obama isnt Muslim. Kys you swine.\nYoure an illegitimate moron. You shouldnt talk or type.\nImpeachment will become a necessity in the near future after your president elect take over. Obama is a Muslim and there is nothing wrong with that its just you and low class bigots who think that way.\nI knew this nigger would try and do something crazy like this. We need to succeed from the union!\nGo kill yourself talking like that. Disrespectful you would never say that to a black persons face. People like you is why this country will never be great!\nRight they wont never say that to nobody black face\nYour work has been contacted in reference to your vulgar language.\nOh my!!!!\nYou are a sad individual. Im sure you work around and with us everyday, I know for a fact you wouldnt say that in our faces. Just pitiful how yall do this stuff on social media!!\nDonald Snyder as an American I am appalled you think its ok to call anyone the N word! You are the problem and NOT the solution! Disgusting and beyond hateful! Im not a fan of Obama for his policies, but I would never disrespect the office of the president NOR would I ever call him the N word! You are so ignorant and filled with vitriol and hatred. You are mentally ill for making a statement like that. Just because you sit behind your computer and think nobody can see you doesnt mean you can act like a repugnant fool. He is the president until January 20, 2017 and you need to respect the office he holds. Go look in the mirror and see yourself saying such hatred so you can see how evil you truly look when you say something like that! Think before you type! Grow up! You would never say this to his face and youre a coward!\nYour better watch that N word you sick freak !!!\nooooooooohhhhh yeahhhhhhhh. bad idea kiddo. BAD idea lol\nDonald,\nCalling them n is so uncalled for. You are part of what is wrong with this world. I feel sorry for you that you have so much hate in you.\n*secede you uneducated mongrel\ni see why you have that little square beside you commen tbox\nBetter to be a nigger than to be white trash. Being called a nigger is a compliment these days considering how whites are acting.\nDont you dare use that kind of racist, hateful language, ever!  Please, stop spreading hate. We are all humans and we all deserve basic human rights and respect.\nPussy ass trailer trash\nSlave days are over mother fker . You can take that taklk and take it to hell. Nobody is gonna sit here and let your racist illiterate a talk about anyone like that. Especially the POTUS.\ndonald snyder. your comments have been copied and pasted to the federal bureau of investigations, washington, dc. we recommend you refrain from using racially biased terminologies towards this countries current leader. you can be held criminally and/or civilally liable for any other negative statements.\nWhy dont you do the same for all these people sending out death threat against Mr. Donald J Trump . Because you are trying to pretend to be someone you are not. You sure Do not care about all the Criminal behave toward Mr. Trump. That the reason we in the mess we in. Because of IGNORANTS .Donald Snyder has a right to say what he please  Just like you do . What Obama did is against the Constitution .This election has been rigged from day one . The way the New World Order had it set up. It was supposed to Hillary Clinton and Jed Bush but the American People had other plan. We are tired of the Lame Stream Media and The Washington Mafia telling us who should be our leader. Obama has been a disgrace to America.He has done more damage to America than has been in 240 yrs. Just Like The Clinton Cartel .But the Lame Stem Media has covered up their corruption. So of you wasnt to report something report something that is not covered by the Constitution. Besides the KKK was a Dem. organization not a Rep. Take a look who is doing all the damage to the cities across America.Why didnt the American Rep. Take to the street and burn down cities  ,vandalize ,right , hurt people like the articles have . Because Obama stole the election in 2012. Because we are not a bunch of ignorant people like the Dem.You can be reported to the NSA for using their name .pretending to be someone you are not. Because I just did it. Their no NSA Operative on any site that would  let anyone know they were there . So you have been reported !!!!\ndonald snyder your comment has been reported to the federal bureau of investigations\nDonald Snyder, please leave the union. It is no longer 1865 and we in the United States of America dont speak that way. So Mr KKK, why dont you gather your friends and go find another place to live.  You are so low class.\nWho the fuck are you calling a NIGGER????\nI want to say what I think of your kind of ignorance but I guess if I want to run for President I should at least talk somewhat civilized\nSTFU Dont care what color your skin is Your an IGNORANT (white) Uneducated drop out. Maybe you returned (yeah right) you seem the stype to do car repair or changing tires. I am sure you have the qualifications to pump gas or bag groceries (oooops jobs are obsolete) Oh My What will you do? No more welfare, so now go find a real job. Lumber jack, washing cars, washing dishes, ETC\nMy god you are both morons. The both of you can leave and take that stupidity with you. You both are bigots, and yet youre somehow better than the other?\nYoure  such a racist piece of shit\nIt is SECEDE, not SUCCEED, Donald!   SECEDE is when a state or group of states chooses to leave their union.  SUCCEED is what successful people do when they make the right choices and have fortunate opportunities.  Did your white trash, hillbilly educational system teach you nothing?  You should have learned its rude to  use the n word.  You should have learned spelling, common decency, and that all men are created equal (thats in our Constitution  a document written by our countrys Founding Fathers, a bunch of white guys that you would probably like because theyre white).  It is also in the Bible that there is no Jew, no Greek, no male, no female, etc., because God LOVES all people.    Its so sad when stupid people are let out of their cages to vote. But even in saying that.  God loves you, even though the rest of us think youre an ignorant, hateful asshole.\nI believe the word you were looking for is secede. Youre welcome.\nHillary Clinton got the most votes, yet she lost? That doesnt seem fair. Im glad Obama is doing this!\nUr a jackass Democrats think thier above the law\nYoure a dumb fuck.\nObama did not get the popular vote in the 2012 Election,  He won by the Electoral College vote. Should we take him out of Office now  so he can not sign this executive order ??   And honestly,  I do not really believe if the election was HONEST to begin with, Hillary would have the popular vote.  If we would take out the non citizen votes,  the special pardons the Governor of Virginia did for 60,000 Felons,  the over 1 million  Military abroad that did not get their votes counted yet again because of Obama  (2012 and 2016), and all the Soros owned electronic voting machines that switched Trump votes to Hillary.  plus look at Trump turn out at events and rallies  vs  Hillary turn outs  !!!  And lets not forget the  Swap My Vote  website that allowed voters to pick Hillary, Jill, or Gary  and pick someone on the site in another State that they could swap their vote with in order to strategically place a vote to help Hillary better  !!!   Sorry but that one should never be allowed period !!  We all have one vote as citizens of the United States.  We should place that one vote in the County of our legal residence, period !!!\nExactly! It is time to bind our country togetherthis will cause even more division. He needs to accept the fact that this election is over. The people of America have spoken.\nK you are stupid white bitch.\nUmm actually youre wrong Obama had 65,915,795 votes versus Romney who only had 60,933,504\nActually Obama Did win the popular vote in 2008 and 2012. The only Presidents to lose the popular vote and become president are as follows.\n2016: Donald J. Trump\n2000: George W. Bush\n1888: Benjamin Harrison\n1876: Rutherford B. Hayes\n1824: John Quincy Adams\nAll Republican candidates. Except John Quincy however he was member of the The term Democratic-Republican, is used especially by modern political scientists for the first Republican Party.\nObama won the popular vote in 2012 by about 5 million votes, he also won the popular vote in 2008 by about 8 million. If your going to make an argument at least make it based on facts.\nYou are wrong, Obama won the popular vote as well as the electoral vote in 2012.\nUhm.. Yes, Obama won the popular vote in 2012. Maybe youre thinking of the Bush/Gore vote in 2000, when Al Gore won the popular vote but not the electoral college?\nObama would go on to win a decisive victory over McCain, winning both the popular vote and the electoral college, with 365 electoral votes to McCains 173; he received the largest percentage of the popular vote for a Democrat \noh really? know what you are tlking about before posting bullshit. President Obama won by a land slide  http://ropercenter.cornell.edu/polls/us-elections/popular-vote/\nI am Canadian but i studied and worked in the United State Of America,my work sponsored me but because of complication on my attorney  and i came back with the hope to go back,i am a mental health therapist and America was my home and my daughter,any way i am following the election closely,if i had a choice i will vote to dear Hillary Clinton 100 times.I read about Hillarys life and her achievements and i am sure she is the one could help people regardless of their ,gender,religious,ethnicity,race and most of that fight for womens in every way.I wanted to add GOP and republications cheated on Hillary and Comey(FBI) worked with them to decrease her vote and they spread lies about her ,in the same time Trump had many cases pending and no one followed that,if America has freedom of right,President has a power to question and issue an executive order,but my question is how about electoral college,if house voted for trump they will do the same or not.I wish this order will determine and they can prevent him to get to oval office because he does not belong there and he has many cases,he is not qualifies to be the president of a great country.best wishes to see Hillary in the white house.\nWell said.  Madam President (Hilary) won the popular vote. The electoral college is wrong and should be abolished.  Trump lied, he is racist, he disrespected women, too many things to talk about. Thing is he stole the election and America is not pleased.\nCan he be more shameless? Was there an executive order signed to investigate the election after he won in 2012?\nSeems unnecessary when you win the popular vote by over 5 million votes.\nNo problem. If Democrats want a second civil war, Im good with it. It will not take 4 years to destroy them this time. We stopped The Democrats from CHEATING and STEALING this election. States followed their own laws to block people from showing campaign material inside a polling area. Since Obama cannot follow the law, and HE wants to invalidate the election, then let war come. PLEEEEASE do it. We are so ready for this because we knew he would try something stupid.\nObama.you play your games, but we play ours.\nand you cant play with the big boys.\nI bet he would win with the federal government behind him.think about it\nWe have a choice between ballots or bullets, and we did the right thing by casting our ballots. If Obama is trying to steal the election and our ballots, then we have no choice but to easily give the other. We knew he was going to try something stupid like this. We stopped Hillary from cheatingagainand now the crybaby liberals cannot handle it? No worries. The first civil war took 4 years, this one will take a few days at most, so go ahead and invalidate our election at the bidding of George Soros. We have the numbers, the guns, the ammo, and the military. Liberals have nothing but panty-waste crybabies and white collar criminals who will all run in a real fight.\nIm definitely waiting to see if this is legit, but if it is, there will never be another Democrat in any office ever again. The people will see to that rather quickly.\nYou are an ignorant piece of trash and Im reporting these threatsyou sound like a terrorist. You have no authority to do anything but watch and see what happens, you prick\nIn 2009 oboma stole  names from medical records.saying people voted for him My unckle and grandmothers names were there.HOWEVERMy unckle died in My grandmother died in 2009. THE DEAD DONT VOTE>In 2012 ..MY cousins name voted.She died in 1992 .VOTING BOXES disapeared in the state of georgia the black mayer of ware county didnt do anything.I complained when my name voted.YOU SEE I NEVER VOYED FOR THE LIEING HALF BREED OBOMA NIETHER.I AM FULL BLOODED AMERICAN INDIAN>OBOMA .Should be in PRISON..for tampering with votes.YOU see he was illiegally  place in office by currupt HILLARY CLINTONS FOUNDRTION .\n@ melynda walker, if you are going to post something ,PLEASE learn to spell !! and for the record Mr.President Obama does not do the gathering of signatures for the election so maybe you should not have been sleep in History/Political Science or Civics class maybe you should have just been in school period !!\nI dont know if you have ever thought of this or not, but maybe -just maybe- you, your cousin, your uncle, and your grandmother arent the only people who possess the names that you do. I dont know your names, but is it conceivable that maybe someone else has the same name?\nNothing can beat the Donald!!!\noboma cheated his way in office.\nLet him sign it- an investigation could prove even a greater landslide for Trump. HAHAHA\nSign away Barry- This well could prove an even GREATER LANDSLIDE for Trump! HAHAHA-\nHate and intimidation will NOT prevail!! Thank you President Obama for standing up for disenfranchised voters!\nLmao  recount much needed do what you got to do obama\nTrump isnt a politician let him stick to business and being ignorant whats needed is a real politician as president\nPresident Obama is our countrys savior! God bless him! As for Trump, the people will not rest until he is taken down for espionage and collusion with Putin and the Russians as well as voter intimidation and suppression impeding on the election and our democracy! Down with Trump and Pence!\nGoddamn Obammer, that nigger loving Muslim!!!\nWatch the N word bitch\nReally? This language and ideology is repugnant. Its beyond disgusting.\nMany have even said that they were flat out denied entry into the voting booths to cast their ballots if they were wearing a Hillary Clinton shirt or other signs showing support for her as President.\nIn many states, this is illegal.  There was an article about this posted just before the election.\nIt is also illegal to photograph your ballot but trumps own son did.\nDONT WORRY. We hate you Devils. This wont end. Call me A nigger. Act crazy. WE HATE WHITE AMERICA.  AND NOW WE ARE COMING FOR YOU DEVILS.\nUnbelievable.\nHe is gonna steal the election and gives it to Hillary, Obama is just as bad as Hillary! He should be in prison for life. together with Hill and Bill\nHOW CAN HE DO THIS?? No one is going to want to vote so close to Christmas unless their candidate wasnt able to win office. Everyone will be on vacation, AWAY from home so that they cannot vote. THIS is fraud. I think we should have more video evidence. I havent seen or heard of this until now. I think of all of the THOUSANDS of people that called his office, wed have a few social media videos out about how voting booths and places werent letting them in. Like video confirmation. BUT NO. Because it didnt happen guys. WAKE UP! Its all a lie! I guarantee you that we would have heard about it and it would be on the news. ESPECIALLY since the media was always in Hillarys favor. ALWAYS! They would have been all over this\nDonald  feel free to leave the union, you will not be missed. Take all your KKK buddies with you. We dont need people like you and Melynda who are so ignorant and vile that they have not respect for the human race. You both are such frickin bigots; what you have to say is meaningless. Trump says he loves the uneducated and your spelling and language clearly puts you in that category  were Hillarys speeches too advanced for you to understand. I know she didnt speak at the 3rd grade level Trump uses. Is that his appeal?\nI just knew Obama & Hillary would try to pull some crap.  If Obama is claiming Hillary got the most popular votes & wants a recount then we all should demand all of the 2,000,000 dead peoples votes  & all of the illegal immigrants votes dont count.  Obama said in a video to an illegal immigrant who asked if she could vote that she was allowed to vote.  California let millions of illegals vote.  We have laws & the Constitution that say you must be a legal citizen to vote in our elections.  What about all of the voting machines that changed the peoples votes?  So many cities reported cheating & fraud.  I bet if all of the Democrats cheating wasnt done Trump would have also won more of the popular votes than reported.  Having Obama interfere is like having the wolf watching the hen in the hen house.  Impeachment is long overdue, he is the worse president America has ever had.  He is dividing & destroying our country.  The News Media suck too.  Tell us the Truth!\nWho in their right mind would take Donald Trump serious?! His background alone is just unspeakable, his was of thinking is unreasonable. He has no respect for anyone or anything. Obama is not the problem. The problem is the millions of people who try and divide us, when in Gods eyes, were equal. Money is the root to evil (the love of it) and just as sure as today is Friday, having that ugh, man if thats what you want to call him, as our president is just a slap in the face to our ancestors, those who believed and fought for the American dream, different races fighting for whats right! Call him what you want, but my president is black and hes well educated, and well raised. Who wants a First Lady thats just another pop up girl? Who wants a president that disrespects women, children, veterans, hell everyone. Recount is an order!!\n#ImWithHer\nSimple, redo the election, but only between Gary Johnson and Jill Stein. The Republicans and the Democrats have proven that they cant get it right, so let the third parties have a chance!\nObama promises a peaceful transition of power and does this, and people still trust him?\nIf they want to change to using popular vote vs. The Electoral College it needs to be done and put into effect for the 2020 election not reverse it now after this election was voted on as the law stood on that day\nIf this doesnt prove that God existand still loves America, I dont know what does.\nAnyone of yall that scream racism and hate need to look in the damn mirror. Obummer  has given yall  of our money. You and the way you think is whats wrong with this country. The fucking FREE ride is over.. now quit  crying and go get a JOB. We are tired of supporting you and have you complain  about you being oppressed.we dont owe you nothing. I\nAnd Rick Scott and Brenda Snipes of Florida rigged our state\nTRUMP did claim that the election had been rigged he should have no problem with this,,,,,,he even stated that he may not accept the results\nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/190446818077471/  Boycott!  Lets hit them in the wallet!\nAnyone can win by a landslide when you cheat.\nThis would be like a bad bad dreamNeed to wake up ASAP\nWow fucking niggers messing up our election\nPeople need to watch that n word", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-12-12T06:00:21-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 Following the results of Tuesday night\u2019s election, President Obama has signed Executive Order 13805, which orders a full recount of all votes cast in the election and calls for a special election to be held on December 19th. Obama signed the order in response to the concerns of thousands of voters across the country who said that they were prevented from casting a ballot on election day, too many absentee ballots have not been found or counted, equipment failures, as well as concerns that some members of the electoral college may have acted unethically."}
{"title": "Express Recipes: How to make Creamy Papaya Raita - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/express-recipes-how-to-make-creamy-papaya-raita/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Featured", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Robots helped inspire deep learning might become - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/robots-helped-inspire-deep-learning-might-become/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Featured", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: \"I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump's Rally\" - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/donald-trump-protester-speaks-out-i-was-paid-to-protest/", "text": "PHOENIX A.Z. (AP)  For months now, rumors have circulated the Internet that individuals were being paid to protest at rallies held by presidential hopeful Donald Trump. Today a man from Trumps rally in Fountain Hills, Arizona back in March has come forward to say that he was paid to protest the event.\nI was given $3,500 to protest Donald Trumps rally in Fountain Hills, said 37-year-old Paul Horner. I answered a Craigslist ad about a group needing actors for a political event. I interviewed with them and got the part.\nTrump supporters have been claiming that protesters are being paid by the Bernie Sanders campaign, but Horner disagrees.\nAs for who these people were affiliated with that interviewed me, my guess would be Hillary Clintons campaign, Horner said. The actual check I received after I was done with the job was from a group called Women Are The Future. After I was hired, they told me if anyone asked any questions about who I was with or communicated with me in any way, I should start talking about how great Bernie Sanders is. Horner continued, It was mostly women in their 60s at the interview that I went to. Plus, all the people that I communicated with had an AOL email address. No one still has an AOL email address except people that would vote for Hillary Clinton.\nI knew those werent real protesters, they were too organized and smart, said 59-year-old Tom Downey, a Trump supporter who attended the rally in Fountain Hills. I knew there was something up when they started shouting all these facts and nonsense like that. The best we could do was just yell and punch em and stuff. Downey continued, I think we did a good job though. I was shouting at them the whole time, calling them losers, telling them to get a job or go back home to mommys house; I got a bunch of high-fives from my fellow Trump supporters. It was a great time.\nWhen asked about the other protesters at the rally, Horner said he saw most of them during the interview and training for the rally.\nAlmost all of the people I was protesting with I had seen at my interview and training class. At the rally, talking with some of them, I learned they only paid Latinos $500, Muslims $600 and African Americans $750. I dont think they were looking for any Asians. Women and children were paid half of what the men got and illegals received $300 across the board. I think I was paid more than the other protesters because I was white and had taken classes in street fighting and boxing a few years back\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she does not understand why Trump protesters would need to be paid.\nIll protest that guy for free, Bradley said. Trump is creating a place for like-minded, ignorant, bigoted, hate-filled individuals to gather and unite. You wouldnt have to pay me anything to protest that. Bradley continued, Trump supporters are the last kind of people to donate socks to the homeless, they only care about themselves and their white race. I would love the day I ever see a donation from a Trump supporter, I think it would make me change my opinion about them.\nHorner said the group had a mandatory six-hour training class that had to be completed before protesting at Trumps rally.\nDuring training we were taught chants to shout like Dump Trump and Trump Is A Racist, things like that. We were told how to respond to anti-Trump comments too. If a Trump supporter said something about how great his wall will be, the Latinos in our group would say, Were just going to tunnel underneath it. They even gave me a shirt to wear at the rally which said F*ck Donald Trump along with a sign to hold that said Make America White Again.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate information they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the Silverback gorilla my wife Barbara always wanted since she was a child, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. For example, do you remember that recent article we wrote debunking a story which claimed Scientology lost its tax-exempt status? Did you actually read our story? Who is the name of the person responsible for the hoax? What is the actual website URL? We claim to know it, but no real information is posted by us. Mikkelson continues, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, oh the hypocrisy, but it is so funny at the same time! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search that locates the actual article will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Plus, I know for our writers like Kim LaCapria, it is way more fun for them to cause controversy than report the facts; it results in more visitors. Kim LaCapria and Jeff Zarronandia go as far as accusing the site that the story originated from as a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. The thing that is troubling about these claims and what Snopes and our authors are known for. We dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work? To be honest, Id say in a given week I probably only do about fifteen minutes of real, actual, work.\nABC News reached out to Hillary Clintons campaign for comment but did not receive a response.\nLoading \n  (function(){ var D=new Date(),d=document,b='body',ce='createElement',ac='appendChild',st='style',ds='display',n='none',gi='getElementById'; var i=d[ce]('iframe');i[st][ds]=n;d[gi](\"M221133ScriptRootC92041\")[ac](i);try{var iw=i.contentWindow.document;iw.open();iw.writeln(\"<ht\"+\"ml><bo\"+\"dy></bo\"+\"dy></ht\"+\"ml>\");iw.close();var c=iw[b];} catch(e){var iw=d;var c=d[gi](\"M221133ScriptRootC92041\");}var dv=iw[ce]('div');dv.id=\"MG_ID\";dv[st][ds]=n;dv.innerHTML=92041;c[ac](dv); var s=iw[ce]('script');s.async='async';s.defer='defer';s.charset='utf-8';s.src=\"//jsc.mgid.com/c/n/cnn.com.de.92041.js?t=\"+D.getYear()+D.getMonth()+D.getDate()+D.getHours();c[ac](s);})();\n(function(){ var D=new Date(),d=document,b='body',ce='createElement',ac='appendChild',st='style',ds='display',n='none',gi='getElementById'; var i=d[ce]('iframe');i[st][ds]=n;d[gi](\"M221133ScriptRootC92041\")[ac](i);try{var iw=i.contentWindow.document;iw.open();iw.writeln(\"<ht\"+\"ml><bo\"+\"dy></bo\"+\"dy></ht\"+\"ml>\");iw.close();var c=iw[b];} catch(e){var iw=d;var c=d[gi](\"M221133ScriptRootC92041\");}var dv=iw[ce]('div');dv.id=\"MG_ID\";dv[st][ds]=n;dv.innerHTML=92041;c[ac](dv); var s=iw[ce]('script');s.async='async';s.defer='defer';s.charset='utf-8';s.src=\"//jsc.mgid.com/c/n/cnn.com.de.92041.js?t=\"+D.getYear()+D.getMonth()+D.getDate()+D.getHours();c[ac](s);})();\nI knew these little shits werent there because they didnt like Trump, I knew they were paid. How can anyone not like Donald Trump?\nHow can anyone not like Donald Trump? Let me count the ways\nLOL\nHillary is a racist and a criminal and a liar.\nYes and shes a ugly hag too!\nThen what do you call Trump,stupid ?\nGet off your mother, and get back to work. Oh, I forgot, you leech off taxpayers money\nStop fucking your mother\nGet off your mother\nThere is such hatred and nasty words going on in the group called:Obama is a Failure, so that makes me a Racist  THE SITE IS not FRIENDLY TO ANYONE WHO DOES not SUPPORT TRUMPIf a fact about his behavior or one of numerous lies is called out, the person commenting is called a troll and much worsethere are some gals on there that say how many love to hear from themjust pull up their wall and try to see friends no friends is what you getmy choice is Cruz for presidentthey even disregard Michaels Savage recent accusation as lies by Trumpjust try to discuss any political issue that is NOT favorable to Trump you are attacked.\nI spend way too much time on the political news feeds and can tellyou the Cruz supporters are as bad if not worse than the Trump supporters.BUT, I dont think any of either group would get down in the gutter and disrupt a candidates political rally.\nthe Cruz supporters are as bad if not worse than the Trump supporters\nI beg to differ, the difference is as night and day.\nCruz supporters are up to debate while Trump supporters are closed minded and not up to debate.\nI know this because I have requested many times to debate the issues and not one single Trump supporter has done so yet.\nA Trump supporter added me to a pro Trump FB group when its more than obvious that I am a Cruz supporter being my profile photo is a photo of Ted Cruz with the flame in the corner. Im not sure of his motive for doing so, many hoping to convert me to be a Trump supporter.\nI made a pro Ted Cruz comment, not an anti Trump comment and was immediately attacked for doing so. I was told that this is a Trump group and that I do not belong there and they requested the moderator to remove me from the group.\nI politely asked them questions in an attempt to engage them in a polite debate and was again attacked and called all sorts names while not a single person made an attempt of answering my questions. The reason they attack the messenger is because they are incapable of addressing the issues and defending their positions.\nI politely ask them to watch a video and they refused to watch it and again attacked and told me to leave the group. Below is the comment and video I requested them to watch.\nThe very future of our nation hangs in the balance of this election. So many are totally unaware of the consequences if we fail to make the correct choice. There is only one option to preserve the future of our nation. We have one final chance to preserve our freedoms and the future of America if we choose wisely.\nIf you love America and the freedom it provides and care about your future generations, your children and grandchildren and their children it would be well worth your while to watch this informative video that explains precisely why we must make the correct choice to preserve the very future of our nation for all future generations.\nOne Justice Away. #OneJusticeAway\nhttps://vimeo.com/156860470\nThree landmark Supreme Court decisions defending not only our 1st and 2nd amendment rights but also the very sovereignty of our nation.\nTed Cruz has earned and deserves our respect and support.\nHe is the only choice to preserve the very future of our nation.\nHey Ian go fuck your blow up doll in the basement of your mamas house\nObviously a low information liberal Fool-Aid intoxicated Branch Trumpidian.\nDan, you said Let me count the ways and then you didnt mention a single one.\nGood for you! Youve demonstrated an unwillingness to lie and distinguished yourself from the rabble of Alinskyite Trump-hate tools who obediently re-bleat racist about him, and other things for which there simply exists ZERO evidence. Your parents should be proud.\nIts typical of Lie-berals: ask them to cite relevant facts, Constitutional authority, historical precedence, economic or natural law, sound reasoning,etc. to justify their diabolical, sinister policies/ philosophy.    crickets.\nfuck u\nTypical response from a libtard. Lets see, dems fixed it so that hillary won not through hard work, or even deserving it, but via super delegates. I wonder if Bernie Sanders the irony to losing to Hilary Clinton after all his hard work\nHillary lies not just about the big stuff like the email scandals, lorretta meeting with bill Clinton etc. But also the tiny stuff in which she would have littl to gain. Her daughter wa jogging around the twin towers on 911? Landing under sniper fire in Ukraine? She is a compulsive liar.\nShe pretends to the about womens equality but silenced and insulted how many women who felt the advances etc from her sexual predator of a husband? And the following should set off alarm bells. Most women would ditch bill Clinton in that situation. Not hillary though, because she is nothing without clinton, an arranged power couple if you will. Imagine what she would let slide for personal gain as the president?\nLastly she panders to the lgbtxyz, whilst her foundation takes in large sums of money from countries that like to toss them from roofs of buildings.\nYou have to be a special kind of stupid, or if selfish individual (like hillary) to vote that traitor as president.\nThey are together only because they can not testify against one another.\nDont try to count too high.\nYou might hurt yourself.\nHow can anyone not want to beat you to death?\nAnother vile hate filled bigoted liberal Fool-Aid intoxicated brain dead Branch Trumpidian.\nTrump supporters are the most clueless and vile people in America.\nBesides urself OFC\nI notice that you claim that Trump supporters are worse than Cruz supporters yet you seem to be the one calling names.\nPot meet kettle\nThanks for confirming how violent liberals are.\nList a reason to like Hillary for every body she is responsible for and youll  have quite the mound of facts, and, well, bodies\nDont pile up, now, ya hear?\n1,000,000 and counting\nSurely you jest. I would protest him for free.\nYep  I can just picture you like a real Yo Yo on the corner with a sign screaming your ass off by yourself\nOh that was one hell of a burn, wasnt it Eug? Nancy, youre a little cleverer than the average moron who fell for Trumpy The Clowns campaign.\nNot much more though.\nYou carry no leverage with your comments Ian Smith. Know why? You cant talk to an opponent without using derogatory terms and name calling. Since you are so much smarter than the rest of us why arent you running for President??\nIf youre going to try to make it seem as though another person isnt very smart, you should at least try to sound smart yourself.  It is more clever.. not clever-er.  I guess that makes you even less smart than you accuse her of being.  Idiot.\nHey Ian go fuck your blow up doll in the basement of your mamas house\nIt has become SO obvious that this election is not about Liberals v. Conservatives v. RINOS v. Libertarians\nThis election is about Washington insiders, career politicians, special interests v. the rest of the U.S. Citizens.\nThe more the Washington insiders, career politicians, special interests, and their Progressive pet media attack Trump , the more I know they are petrified that Trump will be the President to end their gravy train and corruption.  You know what?  I believe them.\nActually, Trump has been an insider for yearshe was the one paying off the politicians!!!  Ted Cruz is the only outsider. He announced he would try to END all subsidies for ethanol (a huge Republican industry in IOWA) AND subsidies to OIL. He wants no more corporate welfare!!! No more kick backs to Congress and no more welfare from Congress (which comes from our tax money!)\nStephen you hit on the nail.\nI dont know where all this garbage started that Trump is a racist. Wanting to make people come to America legally is the way it should be.\nAll of the politicians in congress and the senate\nForgot that they work for us the people.\nWhat have they done for you lately\nThe only Yo Yos are the racist, hate filled Trump supporters.\nJB you are so right.\nYeah and your the only Pos that lives in a run down apartment staying in your underwear and you think your smart cuz you know a few words lying Ted lost trump won period do get over it\nTrump hasnt won anything yet except for the support of the most foolish people in America.\nThats because youre jealous of him. There is no other reason. Unless youre an illegal alien criminal\nIf youre ever in the Philadelphia area give me a call and then go stand in the middle of the I-95 holding up a sign. I promise to back up to make sure arent just suffering in pain. Lol\nWhy arent you then.$hit for brains maybe ? OF COURSE.\nTrump protesters are too smart this does make sense\nTrump protesters are Bernie Sanders Communist puppets. The under belly of America and the lowest form of humanity. Next to a Islamist, that is.\nI went to the Trump rally and punched one of those pussy protesters! I hope it was the one in this story! Trump 2016!!\nYeah no you didnt.\nPunching an opponent is not the answer. This is just what the liberals want you to do and it will help them gain points. Please, next time you see a protester offer them a cup of coffee. Seriously. That will absolutely ruin their day!! To me that is so much more fun.\nThank you for admitting that. I will make sure that the cops are aware of your admitted assault. I also hope someone sucker punches you for being the ugly racist that you are!\nI like turtles!!!\nI like them too.\nThey taste real good.\nfor $3500 Id protest against him..lol\nYour right maybe these Trump haters in here are being paid. You know work from home\nId like to see Sarah whatshername protest violently for free and watch Tom Downey have some more fun punching her around!!\nHow can anybody like Trump?\nHes a liar and a fraud and only supported by the uninformed, misinformed, no information voters.\nDont worry;  even if he gets the nomination, he wont get elected.  The fix is in, has been for years, and Hillary is going to be the next POTUS  unless something really surprising happens, like a landslide for Bernie.\nFrankly, I can give no worse indictment of the GOP than this:  Donald Trump is the most honest and least racist of all but two of the candidates they put up.  Carson was fairly honest and non-racist, but thunderingly ignorant.  Rand Paul was likewise.  All the rest were  and are  worse than Trump.  Think about that.\nWell, you should be a huge fan considering you are obviously all three. You Liberal Scumbags always accuse as you do. Tell asswipe, have you taken a second to read his political platform? Or even the candidate you support. My best is your ignorant ass is the low information voter, Learning from five second sounds bytes, the Liberal Scum news and memes on memes on social media. the fact is your ignorant ass doesnt know the first thing about Trump. remove head from ass. You wont portray yourself as such an ignorant fool.\nthe fact is your ignorant ass doesnt know the first thing about Trump\nTrump is all hot air empty promises of more hope and change.\nWe should correct the mistakes made in 2008, not repeat them.\nIf Trump becomes the nominee Hillary wins the presidency!\nA vote for Trump IS a vote for Hillary!\nTrump has been a liberal all his life and has donated heavily to the democratic party.\nWhen did he become a Republican and a phony conservative?\nSwitching parties does not make one a conservative.\nOne day hes against something and the next day hes not. Sometimes he changes by the hour.\nWhy do you support his ever changing policies?\nI beg to differ! I am well educated and very well informed. I watch all the news shows, read, keep up with Twitter and FB, and not just about Trump. Apparently YOU are the one that is misinformed about Trump voters, sir.\nHow many branches of our government hang in the balance of this election and just how great is the severity of this election? Are you aware that we only have one chance to make the correct choice for the very future of our nation and if we do not chose wisely we will lose our Constitutional rights and our freedom? This election could very well end this experiment in self governance we all know as America.\nthank you JGlancy\nStill a Trump supporter even though he has reversed his positions on the issues many times now?\nTrump is a liberal Trojan horse to hijack the Republican party to clear the path for his good friend Hillary to win the presidency.\nTrump will NEVER be president.\nYouve been hoodwinked by lying liberal left and dont even know it.\nThat says a lot about your education, liberal indoctrination.\nThats interesting\nThe most likely scenario is that Trump is the one paying these guys to stir things up so he can pretend to be a tough guy.  Trump supporters are obviously pretty stupid, so all they need is a focus for their hate and ignorance.\nFJust want to say, Stephenwv, that you stated the most intelligent comment of all !\nSue Perkins is a nurse with Nurses United, The Super Pac that supports Bernie   That would explain why they were older women. Older women run that union\nOr it could be Hillary paying them to do so then having them tell everyone they were paid by Bernie.\nThat way she injures two rivals with one stone. Shes that evil.\n65% of republican dont like Trump.\nUnfortunately many people do not like Mr. Trump.  They are listening to the Establishment and are purposely given incorrect information.  Establishment = Hillary, Ted Cruz, Soros, etc. all headed by Obama.  The Establishment wants to do away with Americas citizens and stick with the candidates who give them what they want.  Ted Cruz is one of them for example.  Mr. Trump is not.  He speaks the truth, although maybe not eloquently, but he does get his point across.\nGeorge Soros is the money behind MoveOn.org, who is backing Bernie.         Sue Perkins is a nurse with Nurses United, The Super Pac that supports Bernie   That would explain why they were older women. Older women run that union\nUnfortunately many people do not like Mr. Trump\nThe majority doesnt, he only has about 38% max support which includes a lot of Dems that will vote for Hillary in the general election. They voted for Trump in the open primaries because he is the least likely to defeat Hillary. Thats why Trump did much better in open primaries than in closed primaries because the Hillary supporters voted for him in an attempt to make Trump the nominee being his the least likely to defeat his good friend Hillary.\nThey are listening to the Establishment and are purposely given incorrect information\nAs always. They will do or say anything to remain in power to protect their golden goose that lines their pockets with their crony capitalism. Thats how they become multimillionaires on a salary of only $174K per year and why they spend millions each election cycle to remain in power. They spend more to get into or remain in office than what the job pays. It would be a losing proposition if it werent for their crony capitalism. Theyre not in it for us, theyre in it for them and them only and to hell with us that pays their salary.\nEstablishment = Hillary, Ted Cruz, Soros, etc. all headed by Obama\nHillary is definitely part of the establishment. Soros is the big money behind the scenes that finances the political game. He broke the Bank of England on Black Wednesday in September 1992 on the currency market and made over 1 billion.\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Wednesday\nOn that date the currency rate for the US $ vs the GBP  was 1.85 to 1 which equates to almost two billion US dollars.\nhttp://fxtop.com/en/currency-converter-past.php?A=1&C1=GBP&C2=USD&DD=16&MM=09&YYYY=1992&B=1&P=&I=1&btnOK=Go!\nI remember this well because I traded the commodities and currency markets in the 1990s.\nTed Cruz is a true Constitutional Conservative with over a decades long proven track history and is positively not part of the establishment.\nThe Establishment wants to do away with Americas citizens and stick with the candidates who give them what they want\nProtecting their golden goose that lines their pockets at the tax payer expense.\nTed Cruz is one of them for example\nPlease provide sources to support your false claim.\nTed Cruz has a long proven history of being a true Constitutional Conservative and anti-establishment. Thats why he is so disliked by the establishment and why John Boehner called him Lucifer in the flesh.\nhttp://www.refinery29.com/2016/04/109479/john-boehner-ted-cruz-lucifer-in-the-flesh\nTed is a major threat to their golden goose crony capitalism and most fear prison time for their corruption. They will say or do anything to stay out of prison for their illegal deeds while in office.\nMr. Trump is not\nHe has a very long history of donating large sums of money to those in power for his own personal gain. He is part of the problem, not the solution to crony capitalism.\nHe speaks the truth\nTrump is a liar and a fraud. He will say or do anything for his own personal gain. See above.\nIf Trump becomes the nominee his good friend Hillary wins the presidency.\nA vote for Trump IS a vote for Hillary!\nWe are one liberal justice away from losing our Constitutional rights and our freedom.\nIt is not one but two branches of government that hangs in the balance of this election.\nWe have one opportunity to make the correct choice. If get we get it wrong there will be no second chance.\nChose wisely.\nOne Justice Away. #OneJusticeAway\nhttps://vimeo.com/156860470\nThree landmark Supreme Court decisions defending not only our 1st and 2nd amendment rights but also the very sovereignty of our nation.\nTed Cruz has earned and deserves our respect and support.\nHe is the only choice to preserve the very future of our nation.\nNot a smart question.\nWhat is there to like about him?\nI knew it!!\nITS OBAMA THAT CREATED A HATE WAS and is also SUPPORTING HATE GROUPS Hate groups that area suppose to be against federal laws too.\nThey need to make a law against this\nI agree!\nIm sure there was real protesters at that Trump rally too\nIm glad this man was brave enough to come forward with this information\nDONALD TRUMP 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nWhy? What has he ever done?\nWellhes never turned his back on an Ambassador in a foreign land and let him and others DIE\nHes never deleted multitudes of emails.\nHe doesnt claim to be a SOCIALIST\nand finallyhe says what the vast majority of the voting public feels, be they demoncraps or repukeinconsthat why the career politicians dont like him and will stoop to such BS levels such as HIRING people to protest his rallies.\nI predict many demoncraps will ignore party lines and cast a vote for Trump as well. I think many people are actually Trump supporters that are actually in the closet.\nTrump is all hot air empty promises of more hope and change.\nWe should correct the mistakes made in 2008, not repeat them.\nTrump is a liberal plant to thwart a true Constitutional Conservative nominee, Ted Cruz.\nIf Trump becomes the nominee his good friend Hillary wins the presidency!\nTrump will never be the president, he will lose to Hillary!\nA vote for Trump IS a vote for Hillary!\nGood one too there Sweeping Clear, oops, Sweep N. Clear !!! Trump !!! Go  Donald  Go  !!!\nGo Trump!\nDid the journalist ask the guy for a copy of the canceled check he claims to have received? Really, folks-we need to start demanding more accountability from our news providers.\nSue Perkins is a nurse with Nurses United, The Super Pac that supports Bernie   That would explain why they were older women. Older women run that union\nSince they cant get real Trump protesters at rallies, they have to pay people! The levels that Trump haters will stoop to never surprises me!\nYeah. This website isnt real, Einstein. Look around.\nIgnorant goddamn Mexicans need to leave my America now! Trump 2016!!!\nYou do realize that they were here in America long before your angry white ahole ancestorsmoron\nActually not you moron! America was discovered by a WHITE EUROPEAN MAN! The first colonizers in NORTH AMERICA were white settlers from Holland and then England. The Spaniards colonized SOUTH AMERICA  and some islands but were trying to expand to North America, they were stopped and pushed backremember the Alamo? The Louisiana Territory was under french control and legally purchased by the United States. The Mexicans as you call them, which actually represent most latinos, have their territory North America belongs primarily to white people so fuck off!\nYour character work needs some fine tuning.\nActually, California was first settled by Spain, then became a part of Mexico, and was finally ceded to California in 1850.\nAs for the Trump supporter story, I doubt it very much, just because there are Americans, including myself, who would be happy to peacefully protest this ignorant, hateful man, and  all his followers. Do you really think he cares about you? Really? He doesnt. He laughs at all of you while having drinks with Clinton. Sad reallyyoure so taken in by his hyperbole (look it up).\nOkay, you idiots realize Trump will be President no matter what is said about him\nDonald. I guess you missed out on some History lessons. Native Americans were the 1st citizens, until those white people came and tried killing them off.\nDont forget that Indians also tried to kill the white mantheres no love lost between the two and both sides wanted to hang on to territory. Indians were not as clever as the white man.  In any new lands that were founded by others and conquered, its been a bloody mess.\nIDKY people dont live in peace, but thats the nature of POWER. Its an ugly thing.\nIm Mexican and although I take great offense to Greg G.s comment, I vote TRUMP 2016! I came here legally as should everyone else. I worked hard to come to this country and provide for my family. I am an American. I took my naturalization test and proud to be an American! Take this country back from these freeloaders and everyone else that wants to destroy her.   America has become a nanny state for immigrants. We have enough of our own problems within the country now to allow anymore people in it.\nThe Mexicans were here before the white ahole ancestors? Yeah right! You are such an uneducated idiot, go read some good history books. For your information the INDIANS were here before the colonizers but that ship has sailed; stronger people took possession of the land, it happens, it has happened all over the world  since its beginning, why dont you put the whole human race under trial!  Civilizations clash, they fight, some loose some win, deal with it. The Spaniards got south America and some island and managed to fuck them up and turn them into shitty places to live. White European men got North America and managed to make it the greatest country on earthjealous? Of course, it sucks to have to admit that white people are stronger, smarter and better at everything they do than the rest of humanity! Mexicans dont have any RIGHT to this Country, no more than French or Iranians or Philipino do and certainly NO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT hacw any right to come here and start demanding shit! SCREW LIBERALISM!\nSpaniards ARE White Europeans, you dummy. What the hell is wrong with you?\nMexicans ARE indians.\nYes they came from Spain and wiped out the Mayan and Aztec societies.\nThe Spaniards came and wiped out the Mayans and Aztecs. Yes they came first. Not much of a claim to be proud of much less use to position oneself on the moral high ground.\nYou probably think your ancestors are Aztecs and Mayans and shit, huh?\nYoure thinking of Spain.\nClose the borders get the illegal Muslims the hell out of here Trump for president ??????? the train is unstoppable ????????\nYou do realize Asshole you have no idea as to Greg G.s race or ethnicity or mine for that matter. How did you your ancestors get here by the way  the hold of a wooden ship no doubt. Truly Sad Momma\nwell they were probably illegal then too ,even the indians didnt trust um\nI would as well.  Hes the most offensive individual Ive ever come across.\nYou suck\nDamn Nance you sure have led a sheltered life, but then that is true with most liberals. Living in their parents basements playing computer till they are 40 thinking the world owes them.\nWould they please take the ignorant Americans with them?\nGoddamn Hillary!!!\nYou idiots do realize that Donald Trump would save this planet, right?\nWith what, his belligerence, racism, sexism, and megalomania? Which of his policies will save the planet? His idiotic wall the will do nothing to keep anybody out? His plan to kill innocent families of terrorists who may have nothing to do with terrorism itself? His plan to censor all media that doesnt agree with everything he says? Which of his extremist, fascist policies do you think will save the world? His shared ideology with Czar Vladimir Putin? I see nothing be fear, hatred, lies and death in everything he promises.\nYou are the one that has no insight and remains too stupid and pc to understand the natural EVIl ways of these terrorists and their families..  We need a person like Trump bc everyone else has cow towed to these  foreign countries and their taking advantage of us. Since when do u bow down to other countries? Once u do that ur an easy target and they have zero respect for us now and it will continue with someone that says we need to build bridges ..FFS weve been building bridges for the last 8 years and the only thing thats happening is that were watching them implode on our nation. Get real dude.\nYup, JB Steel, I see fear, too. Lots of it in you, coupled with complete ignorance. Get the facts, will you. If you only knew the truth and listened with your own ears you would be able to point out how his words are taken out of context and sliced together to make almost a completely opposite statement. I realize Im wasting my time because people like you want to repeat his quote, women should be punished in reference to abortion, to justify hating on him. Irrational, ignorant, misguided. The actual question from the interview was, If abortion was illegal should women be punished for having them? to which he answered, like any other law-abiding citizen would, that a law-breaker should be punished. Bank robbing is illegal, but not one gets excited if Donald Trump were to say bank robbers should be punished. The real issue is why is abortion illegal??? Making it illegal will take away choices and make criminals of those who seek to have them. It was a complete set up and he was being pushed to answer if someone breaks the law should they be punished.\nTed Cruz lol http://theconservativetreehouse.com/2016/03/24/the-national-enquirer-runs-story-of-multiple-ted-cruz-affairs/\nAnd it might not be true, trumps employee give that story to the National Enquirer\nI protested for free. Because some of us actually just hate Trump.\nThats because youre jealous of him. There is no other reason. Unless youre an illegal alien criminal\nHAHAHAHA!!! Thats funny! Thanks!\nMaybe you wouldnt be a poor college student trying to survive if you stopped doing it for free.\nOr took a class beyond gender studies.\nWell, if you are your photo, I can understand why. A spoiled young brat who thinks he should have everything given to him, never learned any history about this great country and doesnt have a clue about common sense. You do not deserve to live in America and those of us who respect it, understand it and work hard every day so you can take advantage of it are fed up with you destructive smart asses. Get out and see how the rest of the world will take care of you.\nWell Zach there are some of us that really love Trump. You look pretty young according to your picture. Maybe you should do a little research about the Donald and realize he does a lot of good things for people. What do you hate about him?  Im real curious about you attitude of Donald.\nWhy do you hate him? Do you think he has a chance to repair some of the damage that has happened in the last 7 years?\nGoes to show you how dumb you are you could have been paid for your hate\nNo doubt you are full of hate\nThat makes sense.  YOure advertising that youre a POOR college student. Boohoo, get off ur ass and get a job\nTools\nThey protest against legal immigrationmore jobs..more of their paycheck in their wallet..\nFools come a dime a dozen\nId guess its some Budweiserd Trump supporters with a little too much cash at hand  folks who are doing this to give Trumps pathetic little rallies some energy to work off.   No other candidate would bother spending time or money on such silly displays.\nI knew there were paid protesters at Donald Trump rallies. Grow the hell up and let the process of election take place. Hillary would do anything not to face Trump if there the nominees for there perspective parties. It just shows you how low she will go to defeat Trump. TRUMP 2016\nSnopes sucks\nProtest trump all you want just leave Bernies name out of it!\nYou must like the Socialistic Life if you like Bernie. He is a true one.\nAt least he was honest and admitted what we all already knew\nDonald Trump 2016!!!\nThis organization Women Are The Future needs to be investigated. Where did the money to pay these fake protesters come from?! The title alone screams Hillary supporters and possibly got !obey from her campaign. Not only is this shockingly disgusting to hire fake protesters but to specifically instruct them to say pro-Bernie stuff if questioned is DESPICABLE!\nMake America great again!!!\nThis is horrible! Just buying an election with protesters, makes me sick!\nEnjoy that money because you are not done earning it.\n#CruzSexScandal\nNuff said.\nNon- story, The guy that released that story to the nat. enq. works for trump. Read before posting,\nRubio is behind the attack on Cruz.  Look it up.\nWell, we already know that the Black Lives Matter terrorists are being paid by Soros. Im not surprised a bunch of miserable old hens supporting Hillary are paying people off too.\nTRUMP 2016!!\nDonald Trump 2016!!! Make America great again!!!!\nWhy do you support a known liar and a fraud?\nI would protest a Trump rally for $2,000 . but Im a girl and a Trump supporter\nMAKE AMERICA READ AGAIN\nPerhaps the Trump campaign is paying actors to protest at his owner rallies to work up the crowd.  It wouldnt surprise me.  Or the campaign could be paying this guy tell this story to make the Clinton campaign look bad.\n I took classes in street fighting yeah right. There are no classes in street fighting. Did he mean martial arts?\nAfter all in the words of Mrs.Clinton\n What difference does it make at this point?\nWell Mrs. Clinton it matters because your a sorry scandolus POS and a no good dirty LIER!\nIf you could care less about how a man DIED after sending hundreds of emails BEGGING your sorry a$$ for help!!! Then fire another man for DOING his job & giving the go ahead to men who were watching this happen AND BEGGING YOU TO LET THEM HELP STOP HIS TORTURING!! Then how in the hell are we supposed to trust that you give a damn about us civilians????\nAll she cares about is saving her own a$$ period!!\nAt this point everyone just needs to face the fact that unless Cruz or Kesieck start to make some headway Then the race is between Hillary or a Trump..and ill be dammed if I contribute to our next presedent being someone who would allow a man to be tortured to death after begging for help and her only replies consisted of  check on my Lybian contracts and gives orders to  stand down! Not after what Ive seen. No way in hell!!!\nIts obvious that they were Rent-a-riot-weenies.\n2haters: what about Bill Gates? What about Steve Jobs?? What about Henry Ford?? What about Thomas Edison?? What about Firestone?? What about the Wright Brothers?? Theres many many more Billionaires that brought you all to the dance Ill take a successful business person any day of the week that knows how to read a P and L statement, elite n DC writing checks they cant cash\nIf you dont like a candidate, dont vote for them.  Dont block others who do. Simple.\nI thought it was too well organized for real protestors.  They didnt help their cause with the fence sitters.  Trump must be doing something right for the other candidates to be so scared of him.\nHaha on top of that, they paid less money to minorities! Dont black lives matter??\nI am a Trump supporter and proud of it.  Now before any of you jump on me for it, keep in mind I am not nor will I insult you or whomever you chose to vote for.  I do believe that someone is paying people to protest at Trump rallys.  I also believe it is childish and distracting.  Maybe that is the point.  Trump is winning the delegates and the other candidates are nervous.  Why?  Because he is going to put a stop to all the good ole boy mentallity in our government.  Our current government works for themselves, not for us.  If Hillary is elected it will be more of the same but she will lie about all of it.  Do I want a woman in the White House?  Yes I do!  Just not Lying Hillary.  Trump 2016.\nPlease tell me Paul Horner and Fappy the Anti-Masturbation Dolphin are the same person.\nThats unlikely. Fappy recently suffered a fatal beating after he was brutally raped leaving a comedy club in Tempe, AZ. Come to think of it, maybe that was Paul. Theyre both gay mammals so I get them confused sometimes. In any case, one of them is now dead.\nTrump peed on my dog\nTrump 2016!!!!!\nDonald Trump is my hero!!!\nLiberals are scum bags. Theyll do anything to win, especially lie and try to disgrace their opponents. They should be exposed for all to see that theyve sold their souls to the devil. God help you , losers.\nGet Pumped! listen to this song:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPToeDo9gpw\n& Vote Trump 2016\nI would protest get the 3500 then vote for Trump and after that I would sue Hillary for all the triggers I was exposed to that gave me PTSD LOL\nFor $3,500?  Hell Id do it, and Im voting for Trump.\nDowny was punching them eh? Pretty fitting name has has there, most trumps are a bit on the downy side.\nlol nobody should be able to work in America until they can read and write English in Denver Co the white race is the minority and I have felt discriminated against and see the whiteman first one hired and first one fired k we all want a piece of pie since Obama has been president it has gotten worst people need some rules to follow instead of its k to talk Mexican at work to coworkers and others co workers dont understand whats the gossip that should be stopped everybody speaks English or dont talk at all we have what three black judges women and other minorties with power maybe they were the best candidates I doubt it and it goes on and on so the white race is suppose to live in poverty because there ancestors conquered some weaker races white people dont owe anybody anything and everybody should have same rights are country is falling because of this minority movement not to mention women call the cops and makeup whatever story they want and the man ends up in jail for domestic violence theres no freedom of speech anymore fathers rights are no more women are becoming the head of household now and they ruin a mans life by doing things like take your kid from you and tell you cant see kid unless you do as they say and if you dont well its off to jail for you with another domestic violent because he said this and she said that employers dont care if you do drugs they only want you to pass a background check and then your hired its none of the employers business what you do on your own time at home but the internet has it all example women dont  get caught for her violent behavior but man does women has good job and man doesnt have one from the domestic violence allegations on his background so whoever doesnt get caught is the game today how dare a man tell a women what to do thats another domestic violence he told her what to do things need to change and you have to stand for something I want some pie too lol\nDude, there isnt a single period or comma in your entire post.  Take a breath, take an English class, and maybe youll get a job.\nDonald Trump 2016!!!\nSo is nobody asking themselves how can I sign up to protest a Trump rally and get paid?\nI am extremely distressed at the responses I see in here. Almost everyone had to use a derogatory remark to the person they were responding to. You all seem to have forgotten this is still a free country and we have the right to choose our own candidate to vote for without fear of recrimination. I first got interested in politics when Kennedy and Nixon ran. What an amazing election that one was. I have been a Democrat, Independent and Republican. I have held political office. I really have reached the point where I no longer like or trust any Democrat or Republican who have chosen to make politics a career. Worst thing we have allowed to happen. Term limits were placed on the office of the President for a reason. The same reason should apply to all offices from the smallest town board to the White House. Reason?? Human beings are imperfect and their imperfections create the problems we have. We cannot live together peacefully. We are more easily motivated through anger than peace and love. We are not the only country that desires to make the rest of the world live as we do. Every type of government out there has the same desire. Every type of government feels it is the end all be all answer. Hence the competition world wide. Now a group from all over the world have come up with what they think is a solution. One world order. Everyone lives the same, does the same, and is the same. Imagine that!! What if everyone in your neighborhood had the same house, same income, ate the same meals, wore the same clothes, made exactly the same money. Is that what appeals to people??\nI am not saying this is the truth because I have no proof. However since Trump is getting a lot of unpaid publicity from things like this and based on the stated amounts of what people were paid it could be well within the realms of possibility that they were paid by neither Clinton supporters nor Sanders supporters but by a camp much closer to home. I do not hate Trump. I dont believe he is what america needs however. We the people have been told for years that we need to just work hard get good jobs and we can get ahead. But I dont see that happening. For one thing there are limited numbers of those so-called good jobs, then there is an increasing gap between those that have the good jobs and those that have minimum wage jobs.\nWhen Minimum wage was instituted the idea was that a man could work for 40 hours on said job support a wife and raise a family.  Today we hear of people working 3 part time jobs (because the stores/etc refuse to hire for full time for 60-80 hours + and still having difficulty making ends meet for their families. It is easy to say just go get a job but the reality is that most if not all jobs have been slowly if not rapidly trickling out of the country to places like India, China, and even Mexico where the company needs not pay its workers even the minimum wage.\nMy dad put 22 years in the service (Navy) and we still had struggles growing up with them raising 4 kids. Now I wont say we were poor because we werent but we wore hand-me-down clothing and for a good part of the time when we got new clothes it was a donation from the parent of a classmate or it was from goodwill or some other thrift shop.\nMy dad paid into a type of military insurance while he was in the service but even though he retired his death was found service connected. My mom was given a choice either take the VA benefits or take the insurance benefits and the VA ones were higher so that was the choice she made. Which means my dad and family was effectively robbed of the benefits he paid for. Yet I think he might have willingly paid for them anyway because what if his death had not been found service connected?\nAnyway back to the article. Who benefits most from the protesting? Well Horner is correct that if it can be implied or inferred it is Sanders supporters then this would be good propaganda for the Clinton campaign. However consider this Trump is a businessman and from things I have read he has had 4 failed businesses but he still seems to float up to the top at least appearance wise, so he is used to manipulating the media and propaganda to make himself look good.\n He thinks people are whiners and babies and people living in their parents house and that they are already being paid too much. the differences in the pay rates also seem to reflect much of his beliefs as well as to the value of the people hired. I too am college educated though I cant say it helped me overly much to get a job. However I know that Trump is a shrewd business man in the sense that he  knows how to work the angles. I however based on things he has said and the violence he seems to be provoking think that should he manage to be voted into power he would work to amend the constitution in such a way that the right to protest would be a thing of the past. And while all those that support him like the idea of building walls to keep people out do keep in mind that those same walls can keep people in as well.\nWhen Minimum wage was instituted the idea was that a man could work for 40 hours on said job support a wife and raise a family.\nMinimum wage was never meant to be a living wage. It was instituted so that businesses could not take advantage and pay next to nothing wages to  young people out of school who wanted a summer job. It allowed young people to work for a decent wage and gain skills of working and being responsible. If you wanted to support a wife and family, you needed to acquire the skills and education to hold a job that paid such a wage, otherwise be happy flipping burgers and making milk shakes.\nI wonder if he will freak out when he has to claim this money on his tax returns and pays taxes on this. He wont be laughing then!!\nTrump 2016!!! Make America white again!!!\nTrump protesters should be hunted down and prosecuted for promoting civil unrest.\nThe Trump circus never ceases to amaze me  smh\nI wonder how much this guy got from Trump to say this.\nGo Trump!!!  Vote for Trump 2016 and Make America Great Again. Youll be glad you did.\nOf course they were paid, they are 5th and 6th year acting or liberal arts superseniors who have no hope of a good job when they graduate.\nThe skills in violence are a plus.\nHis story reeks of the Corrupt Clintons, Im surprised they didnt look for some young women for the cadaverous looking Bill to counsel while he was in AZ.\nDonald Trump 2016!!!\nHell the Trump haters commenting in here are being paid. You know work from home\nDonald Trump 2016!!! Make America great again!!\nYou guys do realize that Bernie Sanders is the only one who could save this country?\nGood luck trying to get that message out to Trumps mindless goon squad.\nI wish I could have Donald Trumps love child\nYou and me both, Brenda.\nThis must be the naive hillbilly site.\nFeel the Bern!!!\nIt is a known fact that L. Ron Hubbard took Vistaril and other anti-anxiety psych meds. Scientology is nothing but a cult/business masquerading as a religion. Feel the Bern!\nBernie Sanders 2016!!!\nMy  email is AOL and Im not voting for Clinton\nlol\nDonald Trump 2016!!!!\nBet guess is that Trump pays them!  They let them, protesters, in so they can throw them out!\nPaid to protest and disrupt. Paid to cause trouble and create a scene\nDonald Trump 2016!!!\nFeel the Bern!!!\nDonald Trump 2016!!!!\nYeah, Hillary Clinton supporters named their group Women are the Future and had a bunch of over-sixty women conduct interviews to hire fake protesters. Right. This sounds like a Republican maneuver to make it look like Bernie on the surface but Hillary if you do a little digging. If Hillary people backed this and wanted their involvement to remain secret, they would not use Women are the Future.\nYOU MORONS\nI knew this about Snopes all along\n#SnopesLies\nniggers and muslims need to get out of this country\nWow, you are a real wizard.\nWhy couldnt it be Trump paying the protesters to come to his rallies to keep his name in the news? I looked for the group the guy said paid him and couldnt find it.\nSoooooooo its completely believable that these people were paid to protest but is unfathomable that Trump paid these people to say they were paid to protest? Cant believe everything let alone everything u hear. Of course Trump supporters are going to bite all over this because they cant believe that anyone would be personally willing to protest that buffoon of their own free will lol. Unbelievable\nIts obviously the people that take things at face value that believe this article and support Trump. Trump has thrived off deliberately taking advantage of people who take things at face value. This is either a Trump supporter who wanted to add fuel to the false protestor fire or someone in the Trump campaign easily fooling his constituents to make them think only people who are paid will protest a Trump rally. But this is the truth. I would pay as much as I had to protest a Trump rally and I know of thousands of other people who would happily do the same. The guy is a disgrace to our country. His disingenuous demeanor and call for violence against non-supporters and minorities is disgusting to say the least. His mere presence has set us back.\nThis sounds like a longer con to me. Any group that wanted to damage Trumps campaign would have to have known that a tactic like this would be outed very quickly. Any organization willing to pay $3,500 for a protester at a rally would certainly have taken some steps to ensure that their actors didnt talk afterwards.\nI imagine if you could trace this back, youd be sure to find its connected to some group that sympathizes with Trump or maybe even the Trump campaign itself. It wouldnt surprise me coming from the candidate who, at the start of his Presidential run was exposed for filling his rallies with paid shills.\nSoros, Hillary and anyone else involved in the hiring of protesters to fight and cause mahem should be arrested and tried for creating civil unrest by hiring people to cause chaos and public disruption which incites riots and murder of police officers and physical assaults upon innocent people just trying to hear what a Candidate has to say. It is one thing to protest because you feel the need. It is a crime to do it for money in my opinion. Your right to have protected protest ends when it becomes bribery!\ni believe this for all he does is rant and rave and curse a and cry because he lost or something he will loose money if he looses as president so he wants to win at all costs no matter what the cause.\ni dont doubtt nothing surprises me with trump  this is why i woundt vote for him at all for this is not christ like\nI knew Trump protesters were getting paid!!!\nWould somebody find out who is doing the paying? Get someone to spill it out?\nNo, that would be the media and the Dem.s, as usual, inventing and spreading the hate, all the while pointing fingers at their adversary! This time , their adversary  is Trump! But we , the people, have caught on to the media trick, and arenthe biting. KOA MEDIA!\nThese are ILLEGAL people trying to influence how America runs an election? People paid to cause trouble.  And isnt it interesting that the media tells of massive protests  giving publicity to the hf mental midgets paid to create chaos and havoc  but never, ever shows pictues and talks about what is truly massive numbers of people who accumulate to see and hear Donald Trump. Something fishy about that, isnt it? Take a good look at the pictures posted on places like Facebook, where the people themselves can spread the news rather than depend on the biased media to do so. The pictures of the masses of people is absolutely amazing! How about getting some professionalism going in the media again. Or is it too late? The majority of America wants to save our nation, and Donald Trump is the ONLY one capable, and wanting, to do that.\nThe majority of America wants to save our nation, and Donald Trump is the ONLY one capable, and wanting, to do that\nThe very future of our nation hangs in the balance of this election. So many are totally unaware of the consequences if we fail to make the correct choice. There is only one option to preserve the future of our nation. We have one final chance to preserve our freedoms and the future of America if we choose wisely.\nIf you love America and the freedom it provides and care about your future generations, your children and grandchildren and their children, it would be well worth your while to watch this informative video that explains precisely why we must make the correct choice to preserve the very future of our nation for all future generations.\nOne Justice Away. #OneJusticeAway\nhttps://vimeo.com/156860470\nThree landmark Supreme Court decisions defending not only our 1st and 2nd amendment rights but also the very sovereignty of our nation.\nTed Cruz has earned and deserves our respect and support.\nHe is the only choice to preserve the very future of our nation.\nThis latest batch of morons.These are ILLEGAL people trying to influence how America runs an election? People paid to cause trouble. And isnt it interesting that the media tells of massive protests  giving publicity to the handful of mental midgets paid to create chaos and havoc  but never, ever shows pictues and talks about what is truly massive numbers of people who accumulate to see and hear Donald Trump. Something fishy about that, isnt it? Take a good look at the pictures posted on places like Facebook, where the people themselves can spread the news rather than depend on the biased media to do so. The pictures of the masses of people is absolutely amazing! How about getting some professionalism going in the media again. Or is it too late? The majority of America wants to save our nation and Donald Trump is  the ONLY one capable, and even wanting, to do that.\ntruly massive numbers of people who accumulate to see and hear Donald Trump\nThis is how the media distorts the truth about the number of people who show up at a Trump rally.\nThe US Herald reported that Trump spoke before a crowd of 30,000 people in a large amphitheater in Costa Mesa, California in the second paragraph.\nhttp://usherald.com/police-cars-smashed-roads-closed-swarm-anti-trump-hooligans/\nThe actual capacity of the amphitheater is only 8,000 .\nSince its reopening, the venue rarely uses the lawn area, effectively reducing seating capacity from approximately 10,000 to 8,500. After further construction and improvements in 2015, the seating was reduced to 8,000\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Amphitheatre\nIn this case the number was inflated by 3.75 times of actual capacity.\nHow ever many people they claim attended just divide by 4 and it would much closer to accurate.\nThis is one way the Trump supporters are being deceived into believing their liberal lies.\nDo your homework and fact check everything especially before posting comments on a public forum and repeating their lies, because that makes you a liar when you repeat their lies.\nNow, for factual information about the severity of this election. Please watch this informative video.\nWe are one liberal justice away from losing our Constitutional rights and our freedom.\nIt is not one but two branches of government that hangs in the balance of this election.\nWe only have one opportunity to make the correct choice. If get we get it wrong there will be no second chance.\nChose wisely.\nOne Justice Away. #OneJusticeAway\nhttps://vimeo.com/156860470\nThree landmark Supreme Court decisions defending not only our 1st and 2nd amendment rights but also the very sovereignty of our nation.\nTed Cruz has earned and deserves our respect and support.\nHe is the only choice to preserve the very future of our nation.\nArrrgh!!!\nI knew it!!!\nTrump donates to many funds, why dont you look up how much money he donated to the veterans, then look up how much Killary and Bill donated to them, its shameful what they have not donated. Trump has donated millions of dollars where as Clintons doesnt even equal a million in all the years theyve been in office, and them making millions off of the American public. Shall we say, suckers?\nBenefits that many veterans will see for many years to come or a charity fund that only will suffice temporarily a few.is like a vaccination versus a lollipop; A cure against a deadly disease or a brief happy feeling while you are dying of that disease.\nhttp://www.politicususa.com/2016/05/31/hillary-clinton-storms-cnn-crushes-trumps-puny-5-million-donation-vets.html\nOmg..  every last one of you is an idiot.\nYou bunch of dupes!\nThis makes me so mad!!!\nThese comments is why I do not vote. I never get called a dirty word for picking one over another. It does not matter either way. The winner is already hand picked from the gate. Im just glad I still have a job to go to, and do not need welfare to live off of.\nABC News reached out to Hillary Clintons campaign for comment but did not receive a response.\nI am shocked!!\nIf you want to know just how sleezy the Clintons are, there is a new book coming out in about two weeks written by a Secret Service Agent that was assigned to the WH to guard the Clintons in the 1990s. He revels just how vile, vicious and foul-mouthed Benghazi Hillary is.\nThe book is Crisis of Character and is already #1 on Amazon even though it isnt out yet.\nGary Byrne, who was posted outside the Oval Office when Bill Clinton was president, portrays Hillary as too erratic, uncontrollable and occasionally violent to become leader of the free world, according to advance promotional materials exclusively obtained by Page Six.\n\nSecret Service agents had discussions about the possibility that they would have to protect Bill from his wifes physical attacks, Byrne writes, and the couple had one violent encounter the morning of a key presidential address to the nation.\nMeanwhile, a paranoid Hillary Clinton tried to have the Secret Service banned from the White House and once tried to ditch her security detail, Byrne says.\nHillary Clinton is now poised to become the Democratic nominee for president of the United States, but she simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the office, he writes.\nFrom the bottom of my soul I know this to be true. And with Hillarys latest rise, I realize that her own leadership style  volcanic, impulsive, enabled by sycophants, and disdainful of the rules set for everyone else  hasnt changed a bit.\nByrne  who was subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury that investigated Bill Clintons affair with intern Monica Lewinsky  claims in the book that he interrupted the presidents sexual shenanigans in the White House.\nByrne says he walked into a room where the president was involved inappropriately with a woman who was neither his wife nor Lewinsky.\nAnd he says he once threw out a White House towel stained with a womans lipstick  and the presidents bodily fluids.\nByrne describes arriving for work one day in 1995 following a loud fight between the Clintons the night before.\nThe dust-up, he says, left a light blue vase smashed to bits and Bill sporting a real, live, put-a-steak-on-it black eye.\nTrump paying anti trump supporters priceless, and who would ever suspect thatthe ultimate twist.\nIf the women and children are paid less, then it is not Hillary!  It sounds like something Trump himself might organize.  But it has to be Republicans if they are paying women less.\nSarah Bradley, do you judge your homeless people just by looking at them, or based on the actions of a few? Im a Trump supporter, I donate clothes, including socks to shelters all of time. I also have volunteered and donated cash. My wife and I are teaching our 7 year old son to care about his community and others by involving him with the shelters as well. I personally believe that once elected, Trump would correct more problems for our Vets, and homeless by using our tax dollars here instead of trying to buy friendship from countries that hate us, or bringing in Refugees to deplete already scarce funding. Your very statement proves that you yourself are a bigot, something that every Trump hater states they hate about him.\nI personally believe that once elected, Trump would correct more problems for our Vets, and homeless by using our tax dollars here instead of trying to buy friendship from countries that hate us, or bringing in Refugees to deplete already scarce funding\nAnd what is the basis of this belief?\nHes a hotel owner not a politician\nCongress needs to revoke George Soross citizenship.  Hes donating millions to Hilarys PAC for this plausible deniability of chaos.  They have witnesses and a money trail now.  Follow it.\nWell fuck me. Im an idiot\nI love Paul Horner!\nWhy dont you talk about this ?? http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/donald-trump-campaign-offered-actors-803161\nI knew it!!\nPeople would protest for free. I dont understand why they would pay someone, Donald Trump is a hotel owner he has no knowledge of running a country thats why people are protesting hes fine and hes ignorant and he has the vocabulary of a 7th grader. The Republican Party could have found a better representative than Trump.\nSee? Trump hasnt even been elected yet and hes creating more jobs than Obama.\nThis is an excellent story! Makes ya really think about Donald Trump and how hes already creating jobs!\nI have to congratulate ABC News for bucking the trend, and not hiding this news story. This is BIG news, and a scandal bigger then most. It took a lot of courage to cover this story, because the Hillary Democrat machine is very unforgiving. Just look at the trail of dead bodies that are mere coincidence (wink wink), of people who were about to testify against Hillary, or had caused Hillary some real trouble.\nThe competition between Trump and Clinton is getting nastier and nastier. I think Trumps should behave like a gentleman, not to be pulled down to Clintons level. The long and short of it is that Trump is a successful businessman, a leader, a manager. Clinton cannot even operate a tekephone properly.\nTo reiterate, you will discover enough sites in the internet supplying the freedom\nof choice for that you look over for your leisure and produce some informed choices.\nCheck out all in the different kinds to determine what works best available for you and.\nTiny pocket pussy Spykee can move, speak and record audio\nand video in real-time.\nOther ways that they these birds exhibit abnormal behaviors are\nlisted below:. s rather unlikely which it will fetch anywhere close\nto the same sum as either.\nTango for pc.\nhttp://appsforsys.com/photomath-camera-calculator-app-ios-android/\nhttp://appsforsys.com/tango-pclaptop-windows-788-110-operating-system/\nBut wait, isnt ABC the liberal media? Cant we not believe anything they say? Funny how all that changes when they report something that fits your narrative. Yes Hillarys a mess and she would be unelectable against ANY other candidate. Sadly, Donald is worse, so were stuck with a choice between a corrupt Wall Street shill and a corrupt Wall Street shill whos also a complete sociopath (this is Trump for those who are a bit dim.)\nwheres my comment\nof neon tubes. Since March\n10, 1997, broadcasts of Raw were split into two hours and given\nMy prayers have been answered! Thank you Lord Jesus Christ! God is great and almighty and knows who should be President, and that mans name is Donald Trump!!\nHey, wait a minute here. I have an AOL email address and I am not voting for Hillary.\nBut we still want Donald Trump To be a President", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-11-11T02:25:01-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "PHOENIX A.Z. (AP) \u2014 For months now, rumors have circulated the Internet that individuals were being paid to protest at rallies held by presidential hopeful Donald Trump. Today a man from Trump\u2019s rally in Fountain Hills, Arizona back in March has come forward to say that he was paid to protest the event."}
{"title": "Simple form creation and storage, built for developers. - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/simple-form-creation-and-storage-built-for-developers/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Entertainment", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:40-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Terraform \u2013 Cross PaaS configuration management? - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/terraform-cross-paas-configuration-management/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "New Look 2015", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Starbucks secret menu the drinks you didn\u2019t know you can ask for - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/starbucks-secret-menu-the-drinks-you-didnt-know-you-can-ask-for/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Apple", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "How to drive growth through customer support - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/how-to-drive-growth-through-customer-support/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Video", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:45-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Pledge Of Allegiance In Schools Nationwide - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/obama-executive-order-bans-pledge-of-allegiance-in-schools/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP)  Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 13738, which revokes the federal governments official recognition of the Pledge of Allegiance. Under the new order, it is now illegal for any federally funded agency to display the pledge or for any federal employee to recite, or encourage others to recite, the pledge while on duty. This law also applies to federal contractors and other institutions that receive federal funding such as public schools. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to $10,000 and up to one year in federal prison.\nDuring the press conference, the President explained his decision was based on a personal belief that the language used in the pledge is divisive and contrary to Americas deepest held values.\nThe pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is, Obama said. Asking someone to pledge their allegiance to our country excludes Jehovahs Witnesses, Amish, Muslims, and many others whose religious beliefs prohibit strong displays of nationalism. By calling this one nation under God, we exclude the millions of hard working atheists and agnostics who call America home. By saying liberty and justice for all, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice.\nObama told reporters that he believes the inclusion of under God runs afoul of the First Amendments establishment clause. He summed up his press briefing by challenging congress to create a new pledge that more accurately reflects Americas values.\nI am willing to rescind my decision here today and allow the Pledge of Allegiance back into the schools if we can all agree on the creation of a new Pledge, something that is includes everyones beliefs and not just the belief of one nationality or faith.\nDemocratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has already offered her support of president Obamas decree and has vowed to uphold the order if she wins in Novembers general election. She echoed his concerns about the pledges language and suggested that the pledges mention of God sends the wrong message to Americas children.\nI fully support the President and the decision that he has made here today. In January, when I take office as the next President of the United States, unless I see otherwise, I will do my best to uphold this new law and ensure that it stays in effect.\nRepublican presidential nominee Donald Trump did not mince words when voicing his contempt for the presidents order, referring to the president as an illegitimate Muslim traitor.\nAs a Christian nation, the Pledge of Allegiance helps our children be the greatest children out there, the best there is, greater than all the other children in this world combined. Obama, who founded ISIS by the way, wants them not to be great, he wants them to be weak, and by banning the Pledge of Allegiance in our schools, he has proven that here today. This is the first step in many in his master plan to force Sharia law onto this great country of ours before he leaves office in January. We all must remember that this is one nation under God and not some guy and his beliefs in whatever he chooses to believe.\nSarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke to ABC News about the ban.\nThis is a story about President Obama banning the Pledge of Allegiance in our schools. Bradley said. I just want to say a big thanks to every God-fearing, Patriotic American that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.\nLawrence Ketchum of the Secular Coalition for America told reporters that Obamas decision to ban the Pledge is a victory for all those who oppose government control.\nWhen our children are forced to chant, One nation under God, whose God are they referring to exactly? Ketchum said, From birth, children are indoctrinated and subjected to mind control, efforts to shape them into the perfect beings that society wants them to be. The Pledge of Allegiance is just one of the many tools used in a childs involuntary reeducation of basic beliefs and values. Ketchum continued, This is a great day not just for Atheists, but for all Americans who value freedom. Forcing children to pledge blind allegiance to this country and profess a belief in a God is extremely dangerous in developing young minds and amounts to little more than government mind control.\nWhile Executive Order 13738 is likely to be a source of heated debate among Americans, constitutional scholar, Paul Horner, told ABC News that it is unlikely the law will be challenged in court.\nSince this law only affects federal employees and contractors and not the general populace, it is well within the traditional scope of a presidents executive authority to pass this law. Any challenges would lack proper legal standing and more than like be quickly dismissed.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he believes in what Utah is doing.\nIt is important that children become the unique individuals that this country wants them to be. Conforming into the perfect little human beings that God intended them to be has always been the American way. It is important to remember that our Lord and Savior loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then well burn in Hell for eternity.\nDavid Mikkelson, founder of Snopes.com, a website known for its biased opinions and inaccurate aricles they write about stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.\nYou have to understand that when a story like this goes viral, and we spend a minute or two debunking it, we make lots of money. Stories like this have helped put my children through college, buy a new car, a home and even get the sex reassignment surgery my wife Barbara always wanted since she was a little boy, Mikkleson said. We claim to provide evidence for such debunkings and confirmation as well, but thats just ridiculous. Do you know how much time that would take? Instead, we just copy and paste parts of the original article into ours, write a couple sentences, and thats it. I just want to be clear, our website does zero journalism or anything creative, and Im only telling you this for legal reasons. Mikkleson continues, A typical story of ours makes wild claims, using grammatical errors, misspellings and words like umimumimaginative, recycled, hoax, saying that a story illegally appropriates the trademarks of legitimate news organizations, but we list no links or sources of information, they are all just outrageous accusations by us. And that story will get 50,000 shares or more on Facebook, thats a lot of ad revenue for only writing a couple sentences. Mikkelson further explains, It is common for us to rewrite a story were debunking if we dont like it. In one recent story of ours, we actually removed a persons name from the original article and then called him a liar, its so funny! We also like to post fake, un-funny, juvenile disclaimers supposedly from the site in question and it is our authors, such as Jeff Zarronandia who are responsible for those gems. We tell our readers that the disclaimer is from the story we are debunking, but a simple google search will show that our disclaimer is 100% fabricated. Sometimes I think that someone should start a company that debunks our debunkings, they could probably make a lot of money, Mikkelson laughs. And lots of people complain about our authors attacking websites and their owners for reasons that are 100% proven false, but since we block archive.org it just becomes their word versus ours. Our writers like Zarronandia go as far as to say that the story originated from a clickbait fake news site that infringes the trademark-protected visual elements and domain names of legitimate news outlets in order to generate traffic and drive advertising revenues by creating and spreading entirely false news stories. But we dont list ONE factual piece of evidence to back up our claims; Its just more of our hack, unethical journalism, and as I said before, I only tell you this for legal reasons. I think it is business as usual for us to accuse the story we are debunking of spreading malware and viruses, but we never say what website it actually is. I think warning people about a site that could potentially destroy their computer is probably a good idea, and I hope one day to do that kind of ethical journalism, but people will click our ads regardless, bottom line; so why do the extra work?\nOriginally composed by Colonel George Balch in 1887, The Pledge of Allegiance was later revised by Francis Bellamy in 1892 and formally adopted by Congress in 1942. The Pledge is an expression of allegiance to the Flag of the United States and the republic of the United States of America. The official name of the Pledge of Allegiance was adopted in 1945 and the last changes made to it came on Flag Day in 1954 when the words under God were added at a nursing school where CNA classes in Ann Arbor, Michigan were taking place.\nThe Obama Administration has set up a 24-hour hotline to address any questions and concerns the public may have regarding the new Executive Order. The number for the hotline is (785) 273-0325. Donald Trump plans to speak about the new law this Thursday night (October 20th) at 10PM at The Lost Leaf in Phoenix, Arizona.\nThe Pledge of Allegiance builds character and helps young children create a bond for their love of this country. Obama should be ashamed of himself!\nTRUE THAT!  There is no convincing me he is not a Muslim terrorist.  No president has ever hated America like he does.  Im gonna be sick.\nI feel the same way.  He has done everything he can to destroy this country.  Hes a pig and I hate him.\nHow do you people find your way out from under the covers every morning, without getting lost?\nYou just pray, silly. Jesus will light the way.\nMeaning what???\nWell you are an idiot if you think this is quite all right.  Maybe you should move to another country.  This is absolutely abhorrable.\nHow do U find the way out of the covers every morning ? Honestly!!!!\nQuite easily thanks  who helped you put that sentence together?  You did not do it all by your self did you, be honest.  That is a big sentence for you to come out with seeing you have such limited intelligence :):)\nFinally  these people are so dumb its causing me actual physical pain\nObama has continued to destroy what many of felt the the pledge was a part of our countrys spirit. Its hard to believe that the son of a bitch can get away with the detruction of a country that people have died to protect. I noticed the smiling jackals standing around him joyfully screwing over our childrens ability to love their country. There should b a payoff for his traitorous leadership. Anyone who votes for Clinton to continue this corruption should b cursed as well.. Dam politicians they are all suck ass corrupt snakes. Our only way out of this mess to stop it from getting worse is to vote for Mr Trump. He is strong and loves America and speaks in a way we understand. No political crap like Clinton will offer. Vote trump or be disgraced when America falls from GODs Grace\nSince you seem to have no respect or love for this country, why dont you just go ahead and move to some 3rd world country which has no toilet for you to crawl out of?\nSee how all the silly Progressives fall into goose step with Der Leader. If you dont believe that they are right you are stupid or racist or both. Even though they believe they are thinking for themselves they wake up each morning and get their marching orders from the Media morning shows. They will be the first to tell you how enlightened they are because they believe everything that the Party tells them to believe.  We know this is true because the Party told them Hillary will make a good President. Even though it has been proven time and again she wouldnt know the true if she fell in it. If she didnt know what C stands for in an e-mail she will never figure out what TS stands for. They tell us we are the mindless drones but have you ever seen a Progressive say anything bad about anyone or anything important to their party? If we find someone or something we consider wrong with a Conservative person or group we will be the first to point it out (see Westboro Baptist, George Bush, Todd Akin)\nGot to admit, the last 8 years has proven to be very difficult getting out from under the covers every morning. Obamas so called leadership has helped change the country in so many ways that it is easy to get lost.\nThe real question is, when are you going to find your way out from under your rock.\nThe wheels turning, but the hamster is dead.\nderp  The answer to your question is really quite simple.  Unlike you, none of us have our heads stuck in that proverbial spot where the sun doesnt shine.\nIf you live in America, enjoy what it has to offer and say what I think you said, you dont belong here. So find another place to call home. Please. There are over a million men and women lying in the ground somewhere in the world who gave up their lives so that our country could remain free and you have nothing better to say than this. Shame on you!\nWhat a POS we have for a president! This has to be removed asap. Good thing its only a regulation and as soon as we elected a decent president it will be!\nHe is human shit for their is no use for the human turd, most other shit can be beneficial. And that is why one day if we are lucky, we can put our human waste on his gravesite along with pooping on those above in the picture who are smiling and laughing. More people around the world will dance and sing when this piece of human excrement is dead then will mourn.\nNot if Hillary wins she has said she will enforce Obamas ruling. It breaks my heart and we should stand together as a nation. Remember what our 16th president said, A house divided cannot stand. \nTerrorist??? hmmm, personally I think he is a Muslim Christianno such thing you say? There is a faction within the Muslim religion which follows Christ as the major prophet/teacher and the one to follow.\nChristian simply means a follower of Christ. You hear him call the Bible the Bible yet call the Quran, the Holy Quran. He will never quote Apostles Paul or Peter making him a non-Pauline follower, or as some would call a red letter follower after Christs words being printed in red.\nObama is a Muslim terrorist that belongs in Guantanamo Bay! The Quran is a book full of hate from a terrorist cult that is only good for starting fires! I cant wait for President Trump to take office and resind ALL of those stupid executive orders of that idiots! And to see him brought to justice for high treason! You do know what the penalty for high treason is dont you?\nThe Jesus of Isam is not the same Jesus of Christianity. The true Jesus is not just a prophet but he is the Son of God and actually God himself. Plus Jesus so loved the world that he suffered the penalty of ousin to forgive us, not kill.\nYoure grasping at straws and revealing how little you know about Christianity.\nBO is still a lost soul that needs to repent of his sin and surrender his life to Jesus.\nhttp://www.23minutesinhell.com\nCheck it out and learn how not to burn for your eternity.\nA Christian is so much more then a follower of Christ.  To be a Christian means to rely on Christ SOLEY as THE savor, to turn from sins (repent) and to follow HIM, not resting on your own merit but ON Christs Grace and only HIS grace.  So can a person be a Muslim Christian?.NOPEMuslims rely on more then Christs grace for sanctification.\nChristian Muslims believe that Jesus Christ is only son of a living God, not a prophet.  They have denouced Mohammed as a false prophet.  Obama is certainly not Christian.\nI assume that you are Christian, because you pointed out the difference between the reverence shown for The Bible and that of The Quran. Let me take this opportunity to point out that while drawing attention to the Presidents irreverence for yours and his Bible you also failed to refer to your bible as holy.  As a child when my parents tried to sterilize my mind with that brainwashing, it was referred to a The Holy Bible.\nSurely you jest Dennis.  While Obama is clearly a closet Muslim he follows no God.  Who Barack Obama follows and does the dirty work for is the elite Global Cabal who actually controls the country from behind the scenes.  Obama, like Hillary & Bill Clinton, George & HW Bush and Jimmy Carter all dance to the tune being played by the New World Order.  They are all traitors to our country.\nJesus himself said he was the Son of God.  Muslims do not believe that so they are no followers of Christ!\nHes gone WAY to far now!!!!Who does he think he is?????People need to rise up against this corrupt Muslim President.We need Trump!!!!!!!\nbarbara, Careful now, dont let your brains go to your head!\nConverse with any plankton lately?\nNo, he is pig excrement.\nNindy:  You have company; I STAND with you.  Hillary is OBummers 3rd term.  No wonder that community agitator is NOT leaving DC after the election. He is renting a $22,000 per mo home so he can pull Hillarys puppet strings.  Obama must stay close to his BLM group of haters & covet pushers & continue his transformation.  He is the worst disaster & a historic prez all right  EPIC disaster to EVERYONE IN OUR NATION and around the world.  Any Black or any Christian who has voted for him did so at their OWN demise.  Useful idiots!\nBTW: Where will OBummers BFF the Iranian nut job Valerie Jarrett his advisor go after the election? Live In the upstairs bedroom of obummbers million dollar mansioin\nHATE! HATE! HATE! The root emotion of anger, revenge, and vengeance. ISIS isnt the enemy; it is the basic emotion of hate and a mouth with no boundaries. You want peace in the world? Start with yourself. I would rather you use any other synonyms other than HATE!\nJust because someone has a valid difference of opinion does not make them a hater. So far as ISIS. They are good Muslims following in the foot steps of their prophet. Do some research as to how Mohammad conducted himself. They are the enemy of everyone who does not meet their standards. People that murder people for their faith, burn women alive for refusing to be raped, sell women in sex slave auctions, attack the US on our soil or attack us ANYWHERE is my enemy.\nYou cant help but hate such a piece of shit like Ovomit!!\nI really am shocked by this. We as a country should always say the pledge no matter what race u are we do live in the USA right?\nI will carry on with saying the Pledge no matter what happens, if obama or hillary and anyone else does not like it well tough !!! suck it up go on with business because if you dont want to hear it every morning do not stop and listen,..because it will happen.\n                                                          United States American\n                                                    James   Atkinson,..Paris, Texas\nDonald Trump is a real man, and he would never do what this dumbass Muslim did, because that Muslim hates this country! Impeach Obama now!!! Donald Trump for President in 2016!!!\nAgree\nHillary, the lying crook has said that she if elected will up hold the order.\nAs if all other politicians are not liars by trade. I am not for Hillary (not very much trustworthy) or Trump but I am not impressed with the latter, not just because his words are full of hate but also because he encourages hateful people to physically manifest their anger towards others. If enough people becomes too blinded with Trumps incoherent and unfounded claims, and he succeeded in becoming the president, be mindful. You will not be griping about the pledge of allegiance or other 1st world country problems but we will face a civil war that will divide this country into those who believe in a Hitler-like reign and those who believe in peace and freedom.\nI am still not sure what to do come election time but I am hoping that people would actually listen to the reality of his words that propagates hate rather than unity as a nation. How could you vote for someone who thinks he is the only one that can fix a nation and also profits from it?\nI cannot believe that self proclaimed Christians actually believe him and completely forgets the un-Christian actions he did just so they can say they have voted for a Republican.\nScrew the left and the right. Think properly and rationally. Dont rely on what the media believes or analyzed but hear the actual words that are coming out of each presidential candidate speech. Dig into real and verifiable details.\nYes, Hilary is a liar. But were is the proof that Trump is not? Where is his tax records? His real financial situation? Complete medical records? What is his actual intent on becoming the most powerful man on earth? Are we sure he would lead us to utopia or our destruction?\nHe needs to be able to foster goodwill but also with proper conviction if necessary. But if this is how he will talk to his constituents (like we are morons that cannot do anything to help ourselves) and to the other world leaders (agreeing with Communist leaders and bad mouthing allies), then we are going to find ourselves in a war where our sons and daughters will be fighting inside and outside our country.\nare u stupid on purpose? ..or just suffering from FOXITUS\nMaybe were stupid on purpose, but youre stupid from the birth! Still living in the womb of cretinism? Wake up\nSOUNDS LIKE THE CLINTON LOVER IS HERE .THE FOOL LOVE THE LIBERAL FOOL .\nDisgusted, you couldnt be as stupid as you sound. Your mommy must have dropped you on your head, or you have taken stupid lessons.\ndisgusted american My Dad taught me not to pay attention to fools and children. Ill let you tell the folks which you are. Is that the best you can do is call names? You stupid prick. You been listening to too much MSUCKSNBC? Now calling you a prick aint the best I can do but they really wont let me call you what you are you are fool. So shut up, grow up, cause youre stupidity is making people throw up.\nBoy, your intelligence really shines through here. I believe, however, you are describing the person in the mirror.\nMany of you discussing Islam and calling Muslims terrorist and a hateful evil religion obviously have never read anything in it, your only repeating what youve heard people say about it. Also you are not True Christians and probably have not read the Bible because its says that god is the only judge, and you not only judge your Presidents heart but a religion you know nothing about. And if you disagree with his reasoning your patriotism is a little misguided cause you dont understand their are atheist children who go to school every day and have to recite one nation, under god when they do not believe in at god. You can speak how you feel all day but you can not deny the truth and thats all I speak. Ignorance will submit to intelligence so call me all the names you want but again that will only prove my second point. Give Obama another 4 years before either of the other two even breathe in office for a second.\nLord! I did not think it were possible for so much stupidity could reign in one place!\nHave you seen the throng of supporters at any of Trumps rallies? They prove that point at every one!\nIm just amazed you can see to type with your head so far up your behind! But then its clear that it does explain why you see Obama as a good American instead of the radical Muslim he is !\nI live in the USAmy grandsons school is praying!  So stick it up your fat ass! President Obama is the best! Damn bigot!\nVote TRUMP\nIts too late to impeach Obama now.  Theres only 5 months left to his term.\nIf we impeach him now we wont have to pay him his full salary for the rest of his life.\nKate, once again, you are wrong about his lifetime salary, security, healthcare and every other perk he will get until he goes down to fire of eternity.\nHe gets a salary the rest of his life anyways as do all Ex Presidents.\nYou are an idiot\nTrue\nHe certainly does inspire nauseous.  The. SOB is a treasonous  filthy Muslim scumbag.\nAny American stupid enough to vote for Clinton is  brain dead.\nRebecca I am boiling mad, and better not put on Facebook what I think of him, as its not anything good\nI wish someone would shoot that SOB!!!!\nYou are a disgrace to the service by saying that.\nObama is a disgrace and should have been taken out in his first term. Your brain has quite literally stopped functioning if you havent noticed the destruction and damage he has done to our nation. How can you even defend a TRAITOR playing the role of president?! I was in the Corps and would gladly have placed my life on the line for our real presidents! Not for this POS Muslim terrorist impersonating a president!!\nAgree! He only became President to destroy the US and so far hes done a great job of it. If Killary  becomes President she will finish the job for  him!\nMuslim terrorist. Is that the reason why we are trying to make peace with other nations? Or the reason why we are not in recession? Or that we are not sending thousands of our own children to another war? Or the reason why he is trying his best to ensure we are not spending our hard earned money to war efforts?\nDid you all forget history when Christians killed men and women that did not agree with their beliefs? Stop thinking that each religion is sanctimonious than the other. Dont single out a religion because this one is hot off the press. Blame terrorists as they are, vagabonds that kills the innocent and to instill fear, not because they are of a different race or religion but because they are using our ignorance to destroy us from the inside.\nIn the name of their RELIGION! SMDH\nExcept for the fact that hes neither Muslim nor a terrorist, youre spot-on.\nYou should be very proud.\nSunny, we all have known that Barack Obama is the poster boy of the New World Order Cabal who is close to bringing down the country.  This is just another spoke in the wheel of their strategy to remove values that America is founded on.  Dont be sick.instead, get all your friends out to vote for Donald Trump, who if elected will wipe out all of Obamas Executive Orders.  May God bless America and the men and women who protect her.\nILLUMINATI\nFAPPY THE ANTI MASTURBATION DOLPHIN IS MY SPIRIT ANNIMAL\nHard to convince the ignorant!\nHow sad, what a travesty of our history and its foundation, throughout the history of this great nation, the pledge of allegiance reflected love of Country and God what Obama is doing here, is bringing  great dishonor to our Nation, he has removed God from all four corners o our Nation.\nthat man is the scum of the earth he did this for his freaking brother moslems, he also wanted to leave out God. he is without a doubt a moslem loving pos and i am ashamed that anyone in their right mind put this person in charge of our country. he has done nothing but put us in debt 19 tril dollars, divided the races and done everything to brown America with all his illegals and moslems. he makes me sick and so does clinton cause she is just as sick in the head as he is\nWhat the hell is a moslem?\nMoslem meansone who is evil and unjust\nWhat a completely idiotic post\nWhats a moslem?\nPut us in debt? Have you heard of the recession? Are we in one right now? Do you have a job? Wowi cant believe that you all have forgotten what it is like before he came into office. Why? Because he is black? Or because he has a different religion than you? He is definitely not perfect or right on every decision he made but do you think any president past or even future ones will be? This is what is real. Hate is being fueled by more hate. Blaming others, making rude comments, calling names, threatening others will not solve YOUR problem. Start with yourself. Ask yourself if by spreading, fostering, or tolerating hate among us Americans will actually unite us as a nation.\nThe people that speak of God obviously dont know that there are many different Gods,, Your God may not be the same as other peoples God,, Or lack-there-of.\nThis is (most likely) the main reason for this change..\nUnder God was not added till 1954\nHate to tell you this but the Pledge wasnt written until 1890s and under god  was added in the 1950sso not so much through our great history Maybe recent history. There is still plenty of God to go around\nHe didnt have to ban the allegiance to the flag and our country. He could have removed the section of under God. He has no love of this country. Hes as phony as they come. There is no more allegiance to our flag. There is no more Liberty. No more Justice. No more allegiance to the United States of America. He has banned it. This isnt just about God. This is about country.\nI agree. leave off G-d of have it spoken as: one nation, under whatever G-D you choose to believe in ETC. our country is going back to the dark ages quickly. I tried calling the # but busy busy, busy..I WILL SAY THE PLEDGE ADDING WHATEVER G-D I WANT TO SAY, SHE PREFERRABLY, WHENEVER I SEE A FLAG AND ESPECIALLY AROUND SCHOOLS NOW.  I dont know what he was signing when that photo was taken, but all around him are smiles, so OBVIOUSLY NOT THIS..does HE THINK HE IS G-D AND WE SHOULD HONOR HIM?? NEVER~~he totally disgust me. I always thought a woman would be a great Pres but I REALLY have 2nd, 3rd, 4th thoughts on it since she is standing behind him like a little puppet.\nThen put it up for an edit instead of deleting it like an email.\nThe Pledge is relatively recent history written in the 20th Century by a Socialist pastor.\nNo it isnt you can read the executive order in the government sites EO 13738\nFuck you asshole\n^^^ The Terminator.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuUqpZgHiEE\nYou should not call people names. It is the media who are telling lies, if it is not true.  You are the gullible one if you believe Obama is for the American people.\nDAMN YOU OBAMA!!!!!!! DAMN YOU!!!!\nit appears that Obama thinks hes smarter than our founding fathers and more powerful than any  president in our history.. where is congress when you need them, its not clear how he can execute an executive order that changes history and or has a fine and prison time associated with it.. that sounds more like making a law, which is the congress job not his..\nWe hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.\nAnd it goes on here: http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/declaration_transcript.html\nThat says it rather well. Especially the self evident bit\nThe Declaration of Independence is one of the most radical documents ever !  It was written at a time when the proper ruler of a nation was widely considered to be a king chosen by God, and parts of it are still ignored by most governments worldwide.\nObama is butchering America in preparation for the NWO.\nIm voting Trump because he is anti NWO and a Nationalist.\nNOT SURE EXACTLY DATE THAT THE PLEDGE WAS CONSIDERED ANTI IMMIGRANT AND DISRESPECTFUL OF ALL RELIGIONS, AGNOSTICS AND ATHIEST.  SINCE UNDER GOD WAS ADOPTED AND ADDED IN 1954, PETITION THE GOVERNMENT TO RULE TO REMOVE IT SO THAT IT REFLECTS ALL AS AMERICAN CITIZENS.  DO WHAT WAS DONE WHEN  WE AND OUR KIDS WENT TO SCHOOL. IF PARENTS DISPUTED THEIR CHILD SAYING THE PLEDGE OR STANDING FOR THE NATIONAL ANTHEM, THEY SAT IN THEIR DESK WITH THEIR HEADS DOWN.  THERE PROBLEM SOLVED.\nWell said.  That makes more sense than outlawing the entire Pledge of Allegiance.\nCongress is out trying to find their balls.\ncongress is out trying to find their BALLS!!!!!!!\nThe Founding Fathers did not write the Pledge. The article states the Pledge was composed by Col. Balch in 1887.\nSo what is your point, he is right to change the fundamental make up of our country because He sees it that way, He is a Loser of a President\nYou must have skipped your history classes, slept through it or never finished high school.  Do you even know what you are talking about?  Explain to me what the fundamental make up of our country means.  Hate and bigotry, the KKK and white supremacy arent part of it.  Go back and read the Counstitution of the U.S. (that is if you can read and comprehend) and that should give you an idea of what the U.S. is all about.\nYou fucking sheep!\nStuart. that is also when the Constitution was RATIFIED! go look it up!\nIf you think the Pledge was written by the founding fathers, you are wrong.  It was written  in September of 1892 by Francis Bellamy and did not include the phrase one nation under God until much later on in 1954 when President Eisenhower (a Republican) decided to include it.  It was not even written as something to be recited in school or any other public place.  So before you spout off, learn your history.  The President is right  the Pledge leaves out a whole bunch of people who are Americans and have contributed to this country.  Maybe the Pledge of Allegiance should be returned back to its original form.\nYoure right about part of what you said. It was written by a socialist named Francis Bellamy. However, youre wrong about its intent. Bellamy distributed it to schools, where it was meant to indoctrinate children into nationalism.\nOf other note is that it was distributed with instructions for a particular salute that was to be performed during the recitation of the pledge. That salute would be seen again, and become infamous, just a few decades later. For more information, look up Bellamy Salute.\nAre you that stupid or do you just choose to ignore the real problem. It is not about the pledge of allegiance.  It is about a man who was elected by the people Who lied to them and now shows who he really is.  Do you think he would have gotten elected if he professed to me Non Christian? If he said he was going to outlaw our pledge of allegiance because it had the word GOD in it. I propose that every Christian in the United States protest this executive order. I propose that we immediately start impeachment proceedings.\nWilliam, may I point out the the article states it was written in 1887 and revised in 1892, but thats not the point. Its not the content of the Pledge or when it was written or who wrote it or who may or may not be included, or what God it is referring to whatever else we can come up with. Its the way these things are being shoved down our throats. The double standard as delivered by Ms sock lady. Its the constant attack from this wanna be dictator POS POTUS to make this country like every other crap hole in the world. If you dont think so just look at all the major cities in this country that are run on his principles and the progressive ideology. Talk about indoctrination! From my standpoint, the people that are the most well rounded, that contribute to the betterment of all Americans, that are the most tolerant of other religions and races are the ones that believe in God and Country. The same people that raise their children to understand right from wrong and to grow up to understand that by being a value to society, we are also a value to ourselves and thats how we reap our reward. The same ones that believe in the Pledge of Allegiance for what it stands for. Simply put, these things are not his to give or take away.\nJUST SAY NO TO FEDERAL MONEY\nYour statement, Harry,  is one of the best on here. I wholly agree that the Pledge of Allegiance should be allowed anywhere any time in any building or location. Thats called Freedom of Speech. I was always proud to stand and pledge our flag each morning when I was in school. If the word God is offensive to anyone then people should realize that we hear so much trash and foul language in our society (even from our own families in some cases) and when we say something about respect the person looks at us as if we are not competent or sick in the head. I have been near tears at times, but there is not any law that takes care of those who subject me to such pain. Its so sad that we, the people, who try to live our lives within the law with respect and love to others, have to be treated the way this President has treated our fellow Americans. This country was founded for Religious Freedom and now we are loosing that more and more each day. How can anyone vote for Clinton when she will only be a third term for Obama. This is tragic.\nyour an idiot william.  obviously you do not see his bigger plan or do not care !   All who read this join your local militia ASAP.    Sgt Kim Paulsen Iowa Militia\nThe article stated the Pledge of Allegiance originated in 1887.  I believe our founding fathers were no longer around at that time.  I think its one of the best things hes done.  But, thats just my opinion.\nOpinions are like noses\nEveryone has one\nAnd they all smell\nYours smells like the other version of this.\nThe Founding Fathers didnt create the Pledge of Allegiance. I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all is the original version written in 1892 by a socialist minister, Francis Bellamy to be used by anybody  not necessarily Americans. To THE flag was added in 1923. Under God was added in 1953. Its hardly an important document.\nThe Pledge of Allegiance is NOT about this being One Nation Under God, but pledging to be true to the United States of America.  The pledge is not to God but to the Flag of the United States of America.  If a U.S. Federal employee is no permitted to pledge his/her allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, then which country are they going to pledge their allegiance to?  Does anyone know the definition of TREASON?\nExactly! People are so stuck on the phrase that includes God that they forget the rest of the pledge. Children of the future will not know the pledge unless the parents teach it to them. Obama has followed through with his promise to fundamentally change America.\nBest reply do far!!\nFounding fathers?  They didnt put the pledge in place.  It was written in 1892 and the words Under God were not put in until 1954 because of the Communist threat.  I would have been happy removing the under god part again.\nBut that would mean Congress would have to spend much more time fund raising and enjoying lobbyist provided junkets!!!  Besides, this whole article was satirical!!!\nMore Sad and Disheartening is the group of elected traitors to the foundation of American Culture and Education.  Why is Paul Ryan running the charge to stop this low life heretic.  Did any of you know or realize the smile on his face is because he and michelle the SilverBack have been working with John Legend( as Produce)to write, consult and contribute to their life story due in theaters by Sept.  something about Life in the Southside. think it is refering to Chicago.  Hail barium, Go to Hell Barium and all of your Cabinet and Family.  I am a 7th generation American Citizen of Portuguese, Irish, European decent.  My grandparents  raised their kids to be educated, proud American English speaking Citizens who flew and fought for Flag also  pledging  allegence to Our Country.  ALL AMERICAN CITIZENS NATURALIZED OR NOT, SHOULD BE UNITING TO STOP THIS DISPLAY OF DISRESPECT FOR AMERICAN BY obama and the DNC..\nNot sure what the founding fathers would have thought of any pledge, as the first was written after the civil war and adjusted subsequently by Congress for reasons known only to them.  Be brave, if you want to say the pledge, just go ahead and do it.  No one can put all of you in jail. If you want to say under god go for it.  Who is going to stop you?\nWhen I was in the first grade in Phoenix I was very small and shy and afraid to do anything wrong.  My teacher noticed that I didnt start saying the pledge with the others.  That was because I was on the front row and was trying to peek to see which hand to put over my heart.  She ordered me to say it by my self, and I began to cry so she locked me in the cloak room for the entire day.  No lunch or potty breaks.  I waited till I could no longer hear talking and snuck out and walked home alone.  I didnt have the words to tell my parents what happened and I accepted the punishment for getting home late and walking alone.\ni think obama is wrong he is not a president we want he is wrong and i do nor want him or hillary ot continuem his policies\nHe should be in prison!\nHe should have been hanging by a noose around his neck years ago!\nI totally agree Lilly lets exile that Muslim to the country he supports when he is DONE hereand take away his income for the life.\nIm just beside myself that this piece of crap president is doing everything in his power to destroy this nation.  This makes me sick.  What a horrible, horrible thing to do.\nObummer wants a good solid..what a dope. His abilities were faked from the beginning. The DNC and the CFR screwed the pooch and now they have to pay for their Obama treason.\nHe is nothing but a dumb ass cracker and traitor to this country\nThere are a lot of stupid and gullible people in this country.  Read most of these racist comments, and then realize that President Obama did not sign any such order.  Idiots, one and all!\n(shhh!..theyre so busy being Trumps sheeples and listening to him vomit his racist, misogynistic, fear-inducing rhetoric to realize this is a spoof website and not the real ABC News!)\nVOTE TRUMP\nI agree, he SHOULD be ashamed of himself. The last 8 years seem to have destroyed this great country. And Hillary wants to back EVERYTHING the president believes/does. So, the Pledge of Allegiance says *one nation under God,* that God could be whomever each person decides to *worship.* This is just my opinion though.\nI think you hit the nail on the head. God could be anyones God. Excellent point.\nYou should call the hotline and join the petition to impeach Obama led by Fappy.\nThe pledge helps build character in kids and Ive said it when I was a kid in school obama is an idiot he has no respect for America he has screwed up this country for 8yrs glad he is not going to be president next yr he should be ashamed of himself he has no respect for this country or himself!!!!!!\nYou still can pledge your allegiance to the flag and the country. Just not when you are at your government job or in public schools. What dont you have your kids pledge it every morning to your personal front yard flag? Im sure you have one as patriotic as you are. You do know that Hitler Youth and Young Pioneers in Communist and Socialist countries also had to pledge allegiance? I can think of plenty other ways to build character.\nSince this law only affects federal employees and contractors and not the general populace, it is well within the traditional scope of a presidents executive authority to pass this law.\nIf you want to require your children to recite the Pledge every hour of every day, you still can.\nthat negro president should be whipped and tarred\nObama sucks\nObama is a disgrace and an embarrassment to our country.\nHe doesnt know what Shame is!!\nThis POS has zero American Value.  He is taking away our heritage every single day, dam communist, and he is also a muslim, which has been hidden information by the liberal press for 8 years.  Saw the release of never before scene picture of Obama, serveral of them he is in Muslim garb.  If the had been shown when he was running, he would have never been elected.\nI Pledge Allegiance to the Constitution of the American States united, and to the Republic which it created, implementing Gods governmental plan for man, and asking His Blessing for its observance, which will provide Liberty and Justice for all.\nJohn Baptist Kotmair, Jr. (2002)\nhttp://libertyworksradionetwork.com/jml/images/pdfs/libtree_aug_2016.pdf\nAgreed\nyou feel shitty now that your sky daddy cant be forced on children ?\nCant figure out how to leave  a comment without doing a reply, so I am not responding to you Lilly. My take is  if its not broken, dont fix it.  Global wrming, the drought and floods are a priority, why energy into this. I also get concerned for people calling Obama or anyone pigs etc. Actually it is a compliment to be a pig, they are very smart animals.  Wish we all had more love in our hearts even if we disagree.\n100% agree, anyone going to America should be happy to pledge allegiance while there or they should not be there.   Obama was Americas biggest mistake, Ever!!\nYA JUST LOOK AT THOSE FRICKIN SMILING ASS WIPES.. JUST STAND AROUND THIS TRAITOR AND WATCHING HIM DESTROY OUR COUNTRY .. THERE ALL TRAITORS I TELL YOU IF I WAS THERE  I WOULD SLAP THE SHIT RIGHT OUT OF THAT BOY AND THEN TAKE HIM DOWN TO TATTOO SHOP AND HAVE THEM TATTOO THE PLEDGE ON HIS CHEST AND HIS ASS.. AND START STRINGING THEM UP LIKE POPCORN FOR THE XMAS TREE . ITS A SAD DAY IN HISTORY TO THE GREAT USA  LILLY THANKS FOR LETTING ME PIGGY BACK ON YOUR COMMENT .. AND OH YA FEED HIM A POUND OF BACON AND BOB EVANS SAUSAGE A LITTLE PIG FOR THE PIG DOWN WITH OBUMMER POHLCAT\nSo we have to be tolerant and respectful of other peoples beliefs, customs and culture but they do not have to tolerate and accept any of ours. What is wrong with this picture.\nIs this a joke?  Stop it from public schools? Well, Ill just buy small flags for my three grandchildren and they can recite the pledge and then catch the bus.\nI agree !   I dont care what religion everyone is or what color their skin is either but every faith in the world has what they call a God so this makes no sense to me whatsoever.  I am so scared for this country of ours I am tempted to just pack up my kids and family and just move to another !\nNow tell us which God, among the many optional, this is supposed to pledge to? Obama will catch a lot of flak from those who believe their God is the one and only, but thats  not quite correct.\nCheck the  tally of the variety of what humanity worships.\n A brave and bold move by our President.\nThe Declaration of Independence make that crystal clear By their Creator which is\nan unspecific reference to a supreme being so, it cannot be assumed it is the Judeo-Christian Creator Yahweh even though it was Protestant Europe that came here to escape Organized Religion dictating to government. In short, The Divine right of Kings.  The first Amendment wasnt about the government or Congress establishing religion, it was about Recognizing Religious establishments.  At the time of the writing of the Constitution and Declaration, the phrases Recognizing an Establishment of Religion and Recognizing a religious establishment were the same. In both cases, the word establishment has ALWAYS ment organization, which we now relagate as a secondary definition with the synonym Make or formulate as the primary. The first amendment never ment Congress will make no law to formulate nor make nor choose a state religion, nor may it forbid citizens to practice their personal beliefs. What it does mean (and always has) is: Congress shall make no law recognizing any religious organization as having authority over the United States government, and Congress will not prohibit  the populace to practice the faith of such organizations. In short, The Popes approval of our choices of our leaders carries no weight and he has no role in our inagurations.\n Yet, that does not forbid a citizen to be Catholic.  Our government while it can listen to religious opinion, its not obligated to take that organizations stance. Yet, at the same time, the government is not forbidden to refer to the Creator in a generic way. One Nation under GOD does not violat the First Amendment nor does In GOD We Trust.   Our first Supreme Court Chief Justice John Jay said Providence has given to our people the choice of their rulers, and it is the duty, as well as the privilege and interest of our Christian nation to select and prefer Christians for their rulers.  Judeo-Christianity can lead our government, but it must be from the ballot box.  George Washington was of the opinion: It is the duty of all nations to acknowledge the providence of Almighty God, to obey His will, to be grateful for His benefits, and humbly to implore His protection and favor.  In the 4th verse of the National Anthem, Key writes Blessed with victory and peace, may this Heaven rescued land, praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation. Then conquer we must for our cause it is just; let this be our motto In GOD is our trust, Then the Star Spangled Banner in triumph shall wave ore the land of the free, and the home of the brave. That is the only time in the poem that the enternal flying of our flag ended in a statement, not a question.\nOnly for the christians and it eliminates so many Americans of other faiths and no faiths\nYou ALL know this is a total bunch of bs by Obama!\nDuped again!\nOBAMA SHOULD BE PUT IN PRISON FOR TREASON. I CANT WAIT FOR DONALD TO BECOME PRESIDENT AND CLEAN UP ALL THE SHIT THAT OBAMA AND HIS PEOPLE HAVE DONE TO SCREW UP  OUR  AMERICA!\nWhat young children do you speak of. We raised our son with love, and left it up to him whether he chose the Pledge, or prayer. He is smart, caring, graduated with honors from high school, college, was President of a Fraternity which raised millions of pounds of food for Feed America and is a now an employed writer. We voted for President Obama twice, and would do so again. You, Lilly, Sunny, Nindy, Fanny, Sue, and all of you holier than thou friends making snide remarks are the ones who should be ashamed.\nI say  Say it anyways!!   Cant put everyone in jail or find everyone!!!  Time to stage a rovolt against Obama!!\nAmerica needs it citizen to love their country, not worship it.  It way past this be changed as it has now, we are a melting pot, we have all contributed and those contributions came from people of many faiths and , even the faith in no deity, or organized Religion, all sacrifices are sacrifices, none more than others, especially based on ones faith being better than another sacrifice for Country.\nAmerican all deserve to honored, not a religious symbol, it was the sacrifice given, not the flag, it is human sacrifice by many different people, some not even American.\nOur Country was created with a BIRTH DEFECT, created by OLD WHITE SLAVE HOLDING MEN, for OLD WHITE SLAVE HOLDING MEN, that is fact and our value to this Nation was validated under Flags, including the 13 Starts, we black people are etched in the Constitution as 3/5th human and it was white men who enshrined Black Africans and Black Hebrew Slave, as not EQUAL and Not Human beings, not any deity/god/religion, or Flag, or oath and allegiance who were enslaved.\nIt wasnt the FLAGS, the enslaved us, it was human being, white human beings and I do not have the reverence, whites have for these symbols of White is superior and white Religions, as superior to my  Rights as a FREE Citizen, stop forcing your reverenced IDOL worship on me.\nYou do not have that right over me and my life, my heart, or any faith gives you that right, under some symbol and allegiance.\nPresident Barack Hussein Obutthole is a God Damn TRAITOR. He needs to leave the U.S. and go to Syria to be with his fellow ISIS buttfkers\nGod has a special place in HEll for him.\nI agree\nI dont believe what is happening to our country and the people who are backing this up.  Just remember, he has children who will be growing up in this environment.  We grew up with these principles and they are what made America Great.  Hopefully, when Trump becomes President he will change all this and bring America back to us.  Amen!\nThe pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is, Obama said. Asking someone to pledge their allegiance to our country excludes Jehovahs Witnesses, Amish, Muslims, and many others whose religious beliefs prohibit strong displays of nationalism. By calling this one nation under God, we exclude the millions of hard working atheists and agnostics who call America home. By saying liberty and justice for all, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice.\nIt only excludes those you choose to exclude with it. The Pledge is ALL INCLUSIVE as it was always meant to be. The sooner this PC clown is out of office the better. Under God? Whos God? Everyones God. Even if that God is Science. One Nation is WHAT WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE. One Flag. The US Flag, and the Liberty and Justice for All is WHAT THAT FLAG PROMISES. If the US is lacking in that department, its our leadership that is unable to deliver, and NOT the Flag. Asking someone to Pledge Allegiance to this country is a promise to DEFEND IT. WE ARE ARMED. WE WILL DEFEND IT. People that refuse the pledge are the ones to watch. for they owe no allegiance here, and likely are here to do it harm. If you refuse to defend the life, country and liberty that flag represents then you deserve NONE of it\nThis sounds like our lame duck president. My response would be to encourage every school and every teacher to have their students recite the pledge every day and clog up the courts with hundreds of thousands cases. Civil disobedience against this over reach will scuttle it before it starts.\nanother low blow from this disgraceful man tearing down our country vote for her youll get more of the same. i can hardly look at him!!!!! ashamed to have as president\nObama signed another executive order banning the pledge !   It will be over turned by TRUMP!!!\nBut the Wall Street Mafia puppet insists that the Constitution and Bill of Rights degrading laws of the Patriot Act, NDAA and the TPP are somehow good for our country.  That war for profit scum bag belongs in prison and not in the Peoples White House.\nWhat builds character and helps young children for their love of this country is GOOD EDUCATION, working parents who earn descent money and teach the children what is integrity and honesty.\nPledge of Allegiance has as much to do with building of childs character like praying to cure cancer.\nGrow up!\nI hate that idiot!\nAll those morons standing around him grinning like he has done some great, marvelous thing!  In fact, he just committed a treasonous act and should be arrested.  I cant for the life of me understand why he is getting away with so much.  Guess well have to wait until Trump gets elected and in one fell swoop, rescind every executive order he has ever signed.  If he can use an executive order to do things he wants without going through the American people, Trump can use them to undo everything the same way.\nTrump will wipe that smile on face off Obummers face in the first hour he is elected POTUS. The ink will not be dry\nlisten its bad enough the guy isnt liked very muchbut alot of nutjobs believe this tripe you are posting,,,\nObama is nuts for what he did are kids have a right to sing it in schools so what happens now when one of are soldiers  die in this stupid war  there will be no flown at half mass that is bullshit Obama is the worst president we ever had\nObama is nuts for what he did are kids have a right to sing it in schools so what happens now when one of are soldiers  die in this stupid war  there will be no flag flown at half mass that is bullshit Obama is the worst president we ever had\nhe should be charged with treason.This is so stupid if these groups dont like the flag and pledge leave this country this includes you obama\nYou think its right to force children who dont even fully understand this country (or the screwed up things it has done) to pledge an allegiance to it? What if the United States becomes an even worse violator of human rights? Then do these kids have to either support an evil country or break their pledge?\nI PLEDGE ALLEGENCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD  IN DIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL and I will keep pledging to this flag for all of those men and women who have sacrificed their lives so that we could live freely if you dont like this than pack your shit and hit the road that means you too Mr President Obama you have gone way too far this time you have disgraced our country long enough its time for you to step down\nThat is justified stupidity, it only in YOUR IMAGINATION that a pledge builds character..smh Millennials, coming of age, will tell US that they are informed enough to know that the bullshit weve bought into up and plateaued our thinking with. Realize you havent even begun to use your brain!\nYou are all such racists and so ignorant.  He wants the GOD reference pulled from the pledge for people like me.  Im an atheist.  He did it for the majority of America.  All of you who think Obama is a Muslim need to move to Mexico.  Your ignorance disgusts me.\nplaying a little God today. Jane?  I thought you were an atheist?  Oh, well.\nWHO IN THE WORLD GAVE HIM THIS RIGHT?\nThe plan is to slowly destroy US sovereignty to make way for a world government. Patriots are being called extremiststhe border is not being securedthe Constitution is slowly being trampledits all to help make us accept worldwide govt which is also called the New World Order. The Pledge of Allegiance is scrapped because it represents sovereignty of our country.\nIt is not solely school children that are the issue here!!  The Pledge of Allegiance is used when Citizenship is obtained by immigrants!  U.S. Soldiers take the pledge when they officially become members of the military!  To pledge your allegiance to the flag of the United States of America is a formal verbal promise that as a citizen of this nation you vow to protect and defend this country from all enemies both foreign and domestic! The Pledge is so much more than a minute long morning ritual of school children!!  Obama makes me sick!!  It has been 129 years since the original Balch writing of this pledge,  124 years since the Bellemy revision, 74 years since being adopted by congress, and 62 years since UNDER GOD was added.  the thing that has become  divisive and contrary to Americas deepest held values. is Obamas presidency!!\nHis claim that Asking someone to pledge their allegiance to our country excludes Jehovahs Witnesses, Amish, Muslims, and many others whose religious beliefs prohibit strong displays of nationalism. 1st of all reciting a minute long pledge is not something I would consider as a strong display of nationalism. And 2nd, refusal to make a pledge to this country only solidifies the fact that if one does not pledge their allegiance to this country there is no way of knowing where their allegiances are.\nHe says, The pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is,  Well, if these people are true Americans they should have no problem pledging their allegiance as such.  Then comes the absolute insult\nHe claims By saying liberty and justice for all, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans, and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice. This comment is a contradiction of its own! If these aggrieved citizens were truly deprived of liberty and justice, rather than being permitted to spit and/or burn  the flag, ignore reverence during the National Antem, march in protest, etc. they would be taken outside in public and executed for failing to pledge their allegiance to the country they claim citizenship to!!\nAny true American Patriot should be appalled at this heinous action of this heinous so called president!!\nUNFORTUNATELY,\nIt is not solely school children that are the issue here!!  The Pledge of Allegiance is used when Citizenship is obtained by immigrants!  U.S. Soldiers take the pledge when they officially become members of the military!  To pledge your allegiance to the flag of the United States of America is a formal verbal promise that as a citizen of this nation you vow to protect and defend this country from all enemies both foreign and domestic! The Pledge is so much more than a minute long morning ritual of school children!!  Obama makes me sick!!  It has been 129 years since the original Balch writing of this pledge,  124 years since the Bellemy revision, 74 years since being adopted by congress, and 62 years since UNDER GOD was added.  the thing that has become  divisive and contrary to Americas deepest held values. is Obamas presidency!!\nHis claim that Asking someone to pledge their allegiance to our country excludes Jehovahs Witnesses, Amish, Muslims, and many others whose religious beliefs prohibit strong displays of nationalism. 1st of all reciting a minute long pledge is not something I would consider as a strong display of nationalism. And 2nd, refusal to make a pledge to this country only solidifies the fact that if one does not pledge their allegiance to this country there is no way of knowing where their allegiances are.\nHe says, The pledge excludes so many Americans who are vital to making this country what it is,  Well, if these people are true Americans they should have no problem pledging their allegiance as such.  Then comes the absolute insult\nHe claims By saying liberty and justice for all, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans, and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice. This comment is a contradiction of its own! If these aggrieved citizens were truly deprived of liberty and justice, rather than being permitted to spit and/or burn  the flag, ignore reverence during the National Antem, march in protest, etc. they would be taken outside in public and executed for failing to pledge their allegiance to the country they claim citizenship to!!\nAny true American Patriot should be appalled at this heinous action of this heinous so called president!!\nMore total BS from the muslim in chief! His so called legacy will be one of shame and traitorous acts against America! This is just disgraceful and a slap in the face to all patriotic Americans.\nIt was only a matter of time before this goddamn nigger muslim of ours goes ahead and does something only him and his Islamic friends would approve of. Makes me so damn mad!!!!\nlol a mad redneck\nGo back to your goat you freak.\nlol rednecks dont fuck goats dumbass, middle eastern and europeans and maybe an occasional hillbilly  so stereotypical and ignorant\nYou are the only ignorant one.  We will not let this stand.\nBro your names derp\nLol a damned red neck that will kick your ass boy\nDamn Donald Snyder .   tell us why you mad LOL  nigger wow we see how you feel about black people. lol  Not surprised, but dont be mad  may as well be cool cause niggers are not going away\nLOL\nIts the point he is making.. anyone can be a nigger. Wasnt you taught this? White people red people yellow black doesnt matter.. If you are lower than dirt and destroy people you are a nigger. Obama is a nigger. Thats all there is to it. What would you call him for what he has did to our country? .. Surely you would not call him a good man.. ?\nWhens the last time youve been called that because of you color????\nThere are Red ones, white ones, black ones, and yellow ones.\nRACIST MUCH?\nabsolutely correct Lorie. Mooslime jackasses have but one thing in mind. Destroy this country, and turn it into the muzzy slaughter house, baraq hussein obama soetero when the hell did he change it back to obama, was put here to make it into.\nAnyone can be a nigger.  Doesnt matter color. Someone who destroys lives is a nigger. Obama is a nigger.\nNo Lorie, just no\nThe white race has what we call white American people and then we have what are called, trailer trash or white trash. The black race have what we call colored or black American people (  not buying the African American Bit  ) and then we have what they call niggers So we will just call him A Trailer Trash Nigger.\nI personally hate the word nigger. However to me it has a different meaning, it comes in all colors to me. There are white ones, black ones yellow ones and red ones. To me it is any person who feels they have the right to judge or maims someone simply because they dont share your  thoughts or way of life. We are all equals in my eyes.\nwhile the Black Lives Matter people are screaming in the streets of Wisconsin to beat the shit out of and kill white people, while a white kid was shot in the next by the protester criminals; while white reporters must leave the area, while the BLM protestors are racist to the core\nThe only n.er I know of is in the white house.\nWhy I say why do people call our dick tater a black or N word? He is a MULETTO, black or white is too good for him.\nLooking at the picture of happy smiling moslems behind Hussein makes me think Donald Snyder is not so wrong.\nLook at Joe Biden grin! He is still mad at God for taking his son.  He deserved to lose his son.  God knows the hears of all men.\nAgree\nDo you have difficulty opening doors?\nAre there too many moving parts?\nYou should pray to your God and beg for forgiveness for your dark, twisted soul.\nYep another poor dumb ***** put in charge and what happens.  We bomb Libya and Syria to aid antichristian terrorists.  Yep. But dont blame this stupid ****.  Obama is a lackey for rich Jews like George Soros running the DNC and black lives matter.\nDo not put George Soros in the same thought of Jews.  He made his money by selling out the Jews in WW-II.  Soros is not a Jew but a lacky of the devil, like Obama.\nAnd Hillary goes along with this Crap.\nThis type of mind control needed to be eliminated in our public schools for a long time now and finally someone had the courage to do it. Bravo Mr. President!\nThe Pledge of Allegiance is the definition of mind control; an individual accepting what is forced upon them.\nHes a piece of filth.  Absolute trash.  Feces.\nApparently Obama has run out of anything remotely approaching an original thought, so hes chosen to issue an executive order banning the Pledge of Allegiance in U.S. schools. I hate to say it (for the umpteenth time), but its time we impeach Obama right now!!!\nLiberty and justice for all isnt something you think we should get behind?\nThe mind control is the group think of the Left. The public schools are a function of state govt. & the local school districts with their locally elected school boards.  The Prez. can go pound sand on this.\nId punch your fucking lights out you ungrateful piece of dog shit.\nUmm sorry, but in case you have not realized it schools are a form of mind control.\nI agree with the premise of this move, but I wish the discussion of a new Pledge would have come first. And the timing is terriblejust another weapon to be used against Hillary and American muslims.\nThis is so messed up!!!\nGoddamn Obama! Just when I think he cant do any worse, HE DOES! IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!\nWhat a rotten prez. Im sure its because it offends the mooslims.\nIf you think about this CLEARLY, its understandable,  some people dont believe in God, at all..The atheistsJehovahs Witness, Say, Jehovah, not God.. not sure about jewish people, And the Muslims say AllahHow would YOU like to send your child to a school that said,  One nation, under ALLAH! You would throw a fit..The children that are raised to know a different GOD, or none at all, are confused! RIGHT? And you people keep forgetting, not all Muslims are TERRORISTS. Trump has taught you that they areLet me tell you something, SHAQ, is Muslim, Kareen,A.J. is Muslim..Dr. Oz, #1 heart surgeon in N.Y. is Muslim, Ali, was Muslim, Snoop Dogg is Muslim, Ice Cube, is Muslim, Janet Jackson is Muslim, Amal Clooney (Georges wife) is Muslim, Dave Chappelle is Muslim, Casey Kasem was Muslimand on and onand many in our military, policemen, and, NOT TERRORISTSThere is a difference between, MUSLIM TERRORISTS, AND GOOD PEOPLE THAT THEIR RELIGION IS MUSLIM! Just like, not all Catholics are pedophiles, just because a bunch of priest have been found to be so!!\nYou really dont see what you are saying here do you?  You are saying that there are people that dont believe in God therefore we should exclude God from everything.  Well what about those who do?  we should swap our beliefs for the unbelievers?  Thats Satan talking.\nExactly\nYou sound like a smoker who is pissed that his favorite bar chose to ban smokers. You are the one that chose to be christian, not me. So why should I have to pray during the national anthem. I love my country, but my america is not one nation under god, although I have had to live under the thumb of christians my entire life. You believe in god, good for you, go pray in church. Prayer and knowledge have no business being included in the same sentence let alone a school or a court house. You have a place to pray, go there. Why do you people feel the need to prove how wonderful you are to everyone? Does praying in public help you feel like a better person? I dont need a book to make me a good person, I have a brain for that. You should respect the non-believers and not force them to pray. Its not satan talking because hes not real. We dont believe the same as you and its going to be fine! We dont need to be saved! Pay attention to your own life and leave us alone. Prayer belongs in church and at home and this president has the brains and influence to finally push you christians down off this pedestal youve been perched on for so long. BYEEEEEEEE.\nSo what is your fucking point, Zoe?  Because a bunch of people chose to become Muslims, everyone else should have to throw over two hundred years of faith and tradition and values down the drain?  You libtards or so stupid and selfish..all about me, me, me.\nYou are very misguided: People worship many gods, but the god of Islam, Allah is not the Jehovah of Christianity.  Look at the message of each in the writings of their prophets and see the difference.or not: just wallow in your own ignorance.\nSo what?? so just because all these celebrities are Muslim, then we should omit the Pledge of Allegiance and omit UNDER GOD just so we dont offend them? A majority of Americans are CHRISTIANS, this Nation was built on Christianity therefor, majority RULES! Period!! We cant keep pleasing the minority, it just doesnt work that way! If we make a pot of vegestable beef soup but leave out carrots because Susie doesnt like carrots, then we leave out the celery because Billy doesnt like celery, and leave out onions because Sally doesnt like onions, and leave out the beef because Tommy hates beef, etc what left? Nothing!!! Just what America will become if we keep trying to please everyone!  Obamas Promise of a Fundamental Transformation of America is almost complete.. He opened the borders to create a mixed pot of crap so that when we try to please every nationality, every religion etc we end up with absolutely NOTHING\nAmen!!!\nYou know I first was a joke when people said he was a muslim.  Now it just seems clear there is no other explanation.  He needs to be jailed for treason. Im not even christian but he is trying to destroy the fabric of this nation.\nThose who he says are left out CHOOSE to be left out of the pledge of allegiance They are free to join in IF they wish to do soor not to join in IF THEY WISH NOT TO.Obama is the worse thing that has happened to this country. I offer my consent for Obama and his clan to move where ever they wish to live EXCEPT under our AMERICAN FLAG! He is evil man and so is his W-I-F-E, Mooshelle!\nDont excuse, no more hesitation, indecition, no more stammer,  now its to determining to deciding to save life innocents people killers by terrorists commander Muslim Koran sharia Islam franchises, USA people now is in war against enemy Muslim Koran sharia Islam terrorist franchises.\nThe better plan and way against terrorist Obama III its remove him and speaker Paul Ryan both are the headquarters impunity of terrorist Muslim Koran Islam franchises killers in massacres innocent people, and  obligatory to enforce to must First and Second Amendment Of USA Constitution that protect freedom religion and belief, nombre pantomims invasion Muslim Koran sharia Islam franchises terrorist no more impunity massacre innocent persons killers by attacks leader Muslim Koran sharia Islam terrorist Trojan mosques training to planned attacks in USA territory and world. Muslim Koran sharia Islam is not an religion or rasa, is an humans crime and iniquidad.\nStop reelection dangerous dictator Muslim Obama III and Bill Clinton III to use camuoflage Hillary Clinton felony and perjury.\nIf the commander in chief, military USA, is the Muslim Obama II, in case there are no more military USA, now the Muslim sharia Obama II impostor, reached to be the commander in chief, military Muslim sharia Islam, with code of arms nuclear on his fingers, is really a big dangerous problem for national security and defense of the country, because, now the commander in chief, Muslim Obama is against Pueblo USA, and the nation, Muslim Obama is fighting as Muslim against USA and the people is so decrees or executive order comes violating compulsively USA Constitution to destroy the American Union and the US republic.\nIf the CIA director, reached to be Muslim, and the CIA is the side Muslim Islam sharia fighting USA republic, the current CIA director is violating the US constitution, is a dangerous enemy USA people.\nAlert, Urgent Remove to current dictator Muslim Obama III condemned to enforce First and Second Amendment of the US Constitution, which protects freedom of religion and belief, this constitutional act is required to win the war on Muslim koran terrorist sharia Islam franchises Trojan mosques that they are operating as training to attack US and World territory, who were founded by traitorous Bill Clinton administration that allowed the planning of the attack Muslim 9/11/2001 and now continues under this dangerous administration, treacherous dictator, Muslim Obama II . But now that the people USA is now in full knowing the big problem having been put into national debate by denouncing the USA leadership Donald J Trump, who since the announcement compete as a Republican presidential candidate, now nominated by votes of patriotic Republicans and not appointed by fraud rigged system, who denounced the collusion of Muslim in USA with current dictator Muslim Obama III, who put into practice his plan to withdraw military troops from Iraqi occupation. everything is openly clear and it is time to remove the head of conspiracy Muslim dictator Obama III to safeguard national security.\nOMG  what a twisted and demented wing nut you are \nI take it you have not studied  the Hadiths, Koran or spent time in the middle east.  The assessment is quite good.\nThank you Sarah Palin, now back to you Sean Hannity.\nSome people might say we should cut you some slack because English aint your first language, but Trum is gonna be pitching you back over the wall anyway.\nCould you try to diagram any sentence in your drivel? I doubt it. The only thing missing from the end of your last statement is a loud belch Please sit down and shut up.\nWhat the hell was that load of crap all about?\nWell, thats what you get with an unqualified Radical Community Organizer who is #AntiAmerican.\nHowever, Obama does NOT make LAW.so THIS STUNT is NOT enforceable.  So the loser is ineffective and an embarrassing LOSER.\nSince this law only affects federal employees and contractors and not the general populace, it is well within the traditional scope of a presidents executive authority to pass this law. Any challenges would lack proper legal standing and more than like be quickly dismissed.\nSince it effects EVERY individual citizen, then IT IS arguable and CAN BE STRUCK DOWN.\nThere goes another idiot writing about what he doesnt want to acknkwledge!    This article was written by a leftist POS who wants us to think we cant fight this!!!!   He wants us to feel hopeless and throw our hands up and feel defeated.  HOWEVER.an Executive Order is not a law, it is a policy, and as such, means nothing.\nFor example, it is rare but some companies have a policy where their employees can take a 1 hour lunch.    Others dont.    This isnt a LAWits a policy that applies to one company and not others.   Executive Orders are the same principal.  They are NOT laws and CAN BE CHALLENGED!!!\nIts not a law, its an order. It also cannot affect Public schools, theyre not federal, theyre state.\nSchools receive federal funding. This is just another f#&k America gesture by this bastard.\nNot true, it also affects any schools, hospitals, clinics, military or anything that gets federal aid, and that my friend is a long, long list.  The entities that do NOT get federal funding of some sort are much, much smaller.\nBut not a presidential order by trump rescinding it.\nWell played. Quit telling them. I would love to see the looks on their faces as they are spitting and waving their hands, telling their friends what Obama did, and then finding out they were pawned. Hopefully they read past the 1st paragraph, where the reasons against pledges are given. But then hopefully they stop there, because the Fappy part is a dead give away.\nWhat I am even more shocked at is that I dont see anyone in the comments that are upset about how Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin agrees with Utah.\nWho in their right mind would ever agree with Utah. Poor Fappy. I know for sure he didnt say that. I hope he sues for libel.\nDamn those who inserted the under God clause into the pledge. Those fu<k!n commie paranoid driven idgets were warned back in 1954 when they did this that inserting this divisive clause would in all likelihood result in eventual problems, which has now prophetically happened. Here's the history of the Pledge:\nIn its original form it read:\n\"I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\"\nIn 1923, the words, \"the Flag of the United States of America\" were added. At this time it read:\n\"I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\"\nIn 1954, in response to the Communist threat of the times, President Eisenhower encouraged Congress to add the words \"under God,\" creating the 31-word pledge we say today. Bellamy's daughter (the originator of the pledge) objected to this alteration. Today it reads:\n\"I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\"\nWhy didn't Obama simply order the pledge be reverted back to the 1923 version? Because for all his progressivism, he's still as much a coward toward the theocratic minions as the theocratic minions are to themselves, so he takes the cheap, easy arse wipe way out and simply bans it, and uses a pathetic and untrue straw man argument of racism and bigotry as his justification for doing so. And so the march towards dismantling patriotism marches on, the kind of patriotism that builds character, not the gun toting muscle flexing beer bellied kind of patriots, but the kind that built and defended this nation, the kind that \"The Greatest Generation\" became.\nCarl, Thank you for posting all of that. I did not know the evolution of the Pledge. I do think the POTUS signed an extreme action like this. There could have been a simpler solution.\nWell put Carl, I too did not know the evolution of the pledge. So for youre the only one to make sense of this. Thanx !\nThank you, thank you Carl. Few know the tortured history of the Pledge and having it laid out so crisply. . .Wonderful. (I thought the original story was from the Onion)\nJust as wonderful is your skewering of Obama. And here I thought only the Republican Presidential nominee was capable of taking a jack-hammer to his own foot !\nCant you just see Trumps tweets to his 2nd Amendment Folks; I dunno.\nCheer up. Its only August. This circus is just getting started.\nIts not mind control. Its pledging your belief that you stand behind your nation. Would you want our soldiers defending a different belief as they choose to put their lives on the line? JFK said it best. ASK NOT WHAT YOUR COUNTRY CAN DO FOR YOU, BUT WHAT YOU CAN DO FOR YOUR COUNTRY. This PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE has that very same mindset. People so concerned about what this country can do for them are the very ones who have sucked it dry and sent it down the dismal hole its headed down. SHARIA LAW is next.\nUnfortunately the people who agree with this have been through our educational system and have been dumbed down and social engineered to understand that the Government is the mommy and daddy and need to tell them how to live.  This tyrannical signing of executive documents and making laws like he is Hitler or Stalin has gotten out of hand.  I agree with the Declaration of Independence regarding abolishing our current government and start a new one with the three branches.  Begin all over and govern ourselves the way it is supposed to be.\nThis is ridiculous! This is the United States and we should be able to pledge allegiance to our flag!  If there are people here that do not wish to say the pledge then they can choose not to speak the words or place their hand over their heart. Dont ban those of us that do love and support this country from our rights!\nAgreed. As a Christian I know that we are all given free will. While Christian followers keep pushing to share the good news, we dont shove it down on people. Unfortunately our community of folks from all different walks of life have mostly become PC and argued to have rules and laws put into place. Simply said, that was just wrong. Its much easier to just turn and walk away, if you dont like something, like our pledge, then dont participate. But dont strip the right of freedom of choice from those who gave their lives, so that you could live freely just as the rest of us do, here in the USA.\nDemes!!!, unplugged voters, dummies for LYING hillary!, yeah, YOU ALL!:THATS WHO IM TALKING TO.\nIF YOU DONT LOVE IT LEAVE IT. BUT LEAVE MY AMERICA ALONE,  MY GRANDCHILDREN AND GREATGRANDS, DESERVE to live in the land of the free with justice for all who want it,  who wants it like it is, like we have it.\nIf you dont like it GO, and you sleazy, president, ( hate to call him president), Hussain Obama, your Fired!!! On ur way out. Like Donald said today,\n I will! tell u the truth.\nLove my America like it is or Go!\n Your a sad indivually an nothing will please you.\nI dont know what to say. This pledge has served our free and wonderful country for decades.  To make it illegal to say it now makes no sense. Why should we adjust so many things to appease Muslims and atheists? They do not have to recite it but should stand at attention while those of us who  honor it recite it. Lets pay attention to what we are being forced to give up or change because some may be offended.\nDuhh!! Dont believe everything you read on Facebook! You have internet! Research!! Holy shit\nThis guy states: Since this law only affects federal employees and contractors and not the general populace,  My question is who the heck does this retard think goes to public school if not the general populace??????? libtardation at its finest\nIt says that any contractor or agency that receives funding from the National Government (There has not been a Federal Government since the 17th Amendment was ratified), that includes State/Commonwealth Governments, County/Parish Governments, Local Municipalities and Public Schools, which receive funding  from Washington, DC.\nWow, the only pro-Pledge Christian comment you can find to post is some ridiculous comment from Fappy the Anti-Masturbation Dolphin? Biased much, ABC? Credibility gone.\nYOU SUCK OMBAMA\nYou go too far man! May God have mercy on your soul.\nWrong author on the Pledge- Francis Bellamy, 1892. The original version only pledged to the flag and the Republic and did not mention God at all.\nA nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear.\nMarcus Tullius Cicero\nCicero words ring ever so true today!\nwhat a scumbag obama is\nObamas mission is to create dissension among Americans to cause us to oppose each other while Obama and H. Clinton are destroying our nation.  We could argue with each other but then we are doing what the establishment wants us to do.  Pay attention to Obamas and H. Clintons anti-American\nmoves and go to the polls to remove them immediately.  Your/our votes are the strongest action we can take to keep America strong.  There is nothing we can do about Obamas back-stabbing antics at this time. If we do not stop them now, the constitution will be next and you can take that to the bank or better yet the voting booth.\nI hate to say this but i dont believe going to the polls and voting will help any because the sick liberals that believe in Obama and the destruction of America out number us. Iam beginning to believe that our votes dont count for any thing any more. Just think if the Government today thought our votes counted they wouldnt let us vote.\nI hate to say it but I dont think it will do much good to go to the polls and vote because the sick liberals that believe in Obama and Hillary out number us. Just think if our government today thought that our votes counted they wouldnt let us vote.\nExcellent Mr. Borowski.  Your common sense remarks {which I support} indicate that you are from the midwest , perhaps Nebraska.\nTraitorous piece of trash!! Working to turn the children into anti-American lost souls. They dont know any better. Ill be SO glad when hes gone!!\nMake sure you thank a judge and lawyers of the BAR for their stand up performance for the enforcement of just laws that keeps us free. We the people thank you for your oppressive courts set in a fictitious economy, set up in a no win situation for the enslavement of the people to keep them in submission and in poverty. We also want to thank you for your deception and manipulation with your brothers of those masonic temples we call churches which has turned our angels of justice into the hounds of hell that has plagued man since its inception.  We would also like to thank this group for the destruction of the good,right,just and lawful republic of the people that is written in those just laws they so conveniently ignore to bring about what we left behind lawless, merciless rules of man alone such as Cesar and Ramses.For it is the fall of man throughout history. When good principals of governess are destroyed all we are left with is bad,wrong,corrupt and lawless like we have today.\nWhile I agree with the removal of under God,.  I also agree to ban such an item and make it a crime to recite is also against the first amendment, nor prohibit the free expression thereof, and to say people are offended by with liberty and justice for all, reams hopelessness.  Hopelessness would not have gotten black people or women or poor the right to vote.  They need to learn to make it happen.  This is a country of early immigrants who made it work, not people wining or complaining to someone to fix everything.\nTHAT  is  just about the  most  awful, destruction, and American beating movement.  Good Lord how much worse will this get before he exits the office.  u g h.  God Bless America  please!!!!\nThe man is already going out as a complete failure.  Obamacare, ISIS, economy, Iran deal, etc., etc.  Hes determined to spend his last remaining months putting the icing on the cake.  If only the corruption of his administration could be proven and his ass get put in jail.  Barry is a Islamist sympathizer.  He despises the United States.  If you doubt that you really need to do some research.\nHe is by far the worst president but I fear future history texts will make him out to be the best.\nIf you noticed every time the pledge has been changed it had to have the ok of Congress! How many more laws is Obama going change before he leaves office, if he does??  Do our supposed leaders in Washington really want to see our country fall, dont they understand that if we fall they fall also!\nMust be because it offends the mooslims. Rotten prez.\nThis is as anti-American as one can get. Kids cant say the pledge in classroom and have to share bathrooms and lock rooms with opposite sex. May God have mercy on this country for  electing such a traitor as President!\nEvery time the pledge has been changed Congress had to approve it. How many more laws is he going to try to change before he leaves office, if he does! Do our leaders really think that when we lose our country they will go down also? And Hillary will make Bill our head of the UN not Obama, so he can try taking over the world!\nI cannot believe this is happening.  What has just happened to our country?  The people of this world is going to pay for what has just happened.  Floods, wars, fires, climate, etc. Obama has just made hell on earth.  How can anybody want this to happen to our world.\nHe is the Antichrist, you can read about him in the Bible! !\nIf King Obama feels so strongly about this why didnt he do it in his first term?  One positive from this is that it could stir enough anger from the silent majority to help keep the wicked with of the left out of the White House.\nHe cant do that without Congress giving its ok! How many more laws is he going to try changing before he leaves, if he does leave? Doesnt our leaders know that when we go down they go down too?!\nIf King Obama feels so strongly about this then why didnt he do it in his first term?  Oh well, at least it may stir up enough of the silent majority to keep the wicked witch of the left out of the White House.\nI knew it all along,  but HE IS A FIRST CLASS SON OF A BITCH.\nObama is a piece of shit!!!!\nThat POS Kenyan-born usurper should be hung or shot by firing squad already. What the f*ck is congress doing besides getting rich off our taxes & illegal trading? This shit has gone far enough. Hes crossed the line so many times he could have been impeached a 1000 times. We need to vote out every one of those yellow-belly, spineless worms & start over\nImpeached for what?\nImproving the economy?\nYou make Texas live up to its reputation, asshole.\nWhat a dumb eggplant\nObama sucks and I hope he goes to hell!\nGo to hell Obama!\nHe is the single most Unamerican President we have ever had. You media organisations have eaten right out of his hands and fed him everything hes wanted. We the people want the real news. We want the truth. You have shit us out on the truth. You have shit our candidate out on this election, and we are all sick of it. Our forefathers would be rolling in their graves. This nation is turning to crap, while you lap dogs in washing and paper pushers yes sir three bags full Obama.\nWhy dont they all just go somewhere else and start their own country and leave ours alone!!  God help us and please destroy the people who want to destroy this country-YOU ARE AN ALL POWERFUL GOD AND WE ARE RELYING ON YOU-THANK YOU IN THE HOLY NAME OF JESUS-AMEN!!\nObama is a worthless and weak no good rotten yellow belly pathetic dirty frikin rat who needs to be expelled along with his pathetic talking points buddys , The dumborats  to the moon Alice.\nExecutive orders are NOT LAW! The president was not granted authority to write his own laws! Only Congress has the power to write law!\nThis EO is easily enough shot down!!!\nYou have just handed the election to Crazy Trump.\nI have been pulling for Trump from the beginning. Crazy or not, he is an American!!!\nKeith dont think Donald meant that for all blacks.  Though harsh as it was to readI think it was only meant for Obama.   You must agree Obama has really messed thus country up and now Clinton will continue if elected.\nThis is OUTRAGEOUS! I am SHOCKED by this ridiculous abuse of power! WHO the HELL gave this TRAITOR the RIGHT to BAN the Pledge of Allegiance? He has gone TOO FAR with this one. This is UN-AMERICAN and just plain WRONG! The use of the word God is something he opposes? I suppose he would, considering the idiot will not call RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS : RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS. He is a TRAITOR! He needs to be IMPEACHED. He has WAAAYYYY overstepped his authority by doing this traitorous ACT! Who the hell does he think he is? He alone has decided that it is offensive to pledge our loyalty to this GREAT NATION? Who gives a shit if ILLEGAL ALIENS and their kids dont feel comfy with saying the Pledge of Allegiance in schools that they are illegally sitting in while they illegally collect money that I have worked my ass of to pay for, while their illegal fathers illegally work in this country and send all of their money back to Mexico. I sure as hell dont. Obama needs to be IMPEACHED NOW! While youre at it you might as well prosecute that Crooked witch too-Im sick of the corruption, the unAmerican BS and the lies. No MORE! IMPEACH THAT MORON!\nDisgusting! Obama is bent on ruining our great nation before he leaves officesad Hopefully when Trump kicks Crooked Hillarys ass and becomes president, we will make America Great Again!!!.\nHow does this not result in an impeachment?!\nThat stupid SOB.  I am so sick of him destroying our country.  It is OUR Pledge.  Anyone who doesnt believe in it can keep their damn mouth shut or leave OUR country.  And dont slam the door on your way out.\nIt takes Congress to ok it. How many more laws is he going to try to bring upon us before he leaves office, if he does? Dont these fools in Washington know that when we go down they go down too!\nWow! This man is out of control! Our founding fathers are puking in their graves! The man is doing everything he can to erode the love of country and the respect of God from our nations principles and values, before his term is up! The end of Ovomit cannot come soon enough!!! \nWhat a freakin Muslim turd. In his almost 8 years in office he has destroyed the fabric of this once great country. Racism is growing exponentially and hatred abounds. Worst president in the history of this country.\nHE    OBAMA, , , SO   SOooooo NEEDS TO GO!  Never thought Id see this in my lifetime.  What is wrong with this country, where we will put up with this kind of president???\nSadly Lauren, Many many many Americans have been screaming at the top of their lungs to impeach this President from the very beginning of his 1st term, and it all for the last 8yrs. has fallen on deaf ears. Hes a fraud, the dems knew he was a fraud and this is the evil they cast on America, for their agenda is to make us a communist 3rd world country. Just look at Clintons agenda, shes gonna erase our 2nd, and make it illegal to buy guns. Shes going to rewrite Obamacare to her likeing, she supports third trimester abortions, which any abortion should be considered as murder, but she likes murder, shes good at murder. When she told her family and the egypt prime minister it was a planned attack, who planned it? Did Clinton plan it, she denied him no protection for months, troops and the red cross were evauated, and when Christopher Stevens asked to be evacuated, he was denied. So who really planned his assasination? Just recently 2 members of the Clintons administration were found murdered this month of Aug. 2016, for they had info of the evil to come if she were elected and they were dropped in their tracks. They wanted to discredit her and warn America. We all need to be on our toes this coming election, for the dems have been caught twice frauding our election machines. We need to pass a law that only Americans with ID can vote, those who dont have photo ID will be dismissed from voting. We know Obama got caught handing out visas and driver licenses behind our backs, just as he does at 3am in the morning. And again, sadly enough, their are communists in both parties who will support a communist America. And thats what were up against ppl., and America WILL push back, and sadly again, it may lead to a civil war on Americas soil. They say its up to us, well we dont know how to fight this, nobody is telling us how to fight the invasion of refugee radical Islam jihadists. Cuz their here, no doubt in my mind, and mark my words, Obama will be giving the word of attack in his final days if they dont impeach on the grounds of the highest treason!!  God, Please Bless America, thru Jesuss name, Amen.\nThis is so disgusting!! Obama needs to be IMPEACHED!! I dont give a damn about the Jehovah Witness, Amish, Quaker, Mennonite, or the damn Muslims. If this people dont want to honor our American Flag then these people should be kicked out of this country. The Democrats just lost my vote!\nI never took school very seriously i wasnt happy there for various reasons one thing i did take seriously was the pledge each morning, Ive always been proud of my country if not all the people in it i will never understand how a man who hates this country and all it stands for became its president\nAll that is necessary for evil to prevail is that good people do nothing.  You can take that to the bank!\nIn God we trust is nextdo what your masters want obama..jesus still rules all..\nObumer & Killary can kiss my rose red, white & blue a$$!!!  My grandfather, father, brother, uncles, cousins & ex-husband served in our military to preserve our countrys freedoms & I WILL SAY THE PLEDGE WHEREVER I DAMN WELL PLEASE!!!!\nIt is rather comical to see how this entire story is written and presented to us by this outlet, not only are they creating a narrative the makes it seem like a good thing to side with the presidents order but also seem like the only people that would be opposed are these idiots from the flappy group. The truth of it all is that our president is purposely ignoring the constitution as it is written and making false statements to gain approval (I.E. Freedom of speech, religion) and all you suckers agreeing with him are just so happy to support the idiocy. There is nothing in the pledge of allegiance that excludes anyone unless they choose (which everyone has the right) to exclude themselves. All this moron is doing is stepping all over not only your rights but the rights of every government employee by legally removing their right to freedom of speech, that of which those very people have sworn to protect and that includes Mr. President himself. It is laughable that a constitutional lawyer would actually say that nobody would have grounds to fight this order when the US Constitution and our 27 amendments are grounds enough.\nWhat the jerk just did was TAKE AWAY the right to say the Pledge. I wish he would hurry up and go away, and his little bitch Hillary too.\nEVERY country, now apparently EXCEPT this one, has an oath of allegiance sworn by its constituents. One must expect the oath of allegiance in muslim/Islamic countries is necessarily more confining, and istitutes harsher punishments for violations.\nI have live in two countries,  Scotland and Canada neither of which required its citizens to pledge allegiance. Pledge allegiance immediatly makes me think of Hitler and goosestepping  The fact that you spend so many seconds clutching your heart and speaking some words does not make you a better citizen nor is it reasonable that children will find it useful as a support. They need parents.\nI disagree with Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, God isnt watching all the time.. but your dead grandmom is watching.\n odumbshit  CANNOT  make  LAWS   ONLY  our  Elected  CONGRESS  can make  laws     it   has completely  flipped   its   wig  NOW  !!!!!!!-   Go Home to  Indonesia  illegal  Alien      !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nI totally believe in the pledge of allegiance as a tool for instilling patriotism in our country. As a public school teacher for 32 years, I respected the rights of every child in my class due to their religion.  Even though the pledge was recited every day, students were only required to stand silently during that time. I cannot believe that the president even has the right to create laws. I think it should be time for Congress to step up and do their job.\nThis is outrageous.\nim athiest and have no problem saying the pledge,  and knowing our country was started by christians and catholics and i reside here even though i dont have the same beliefs i respect that they still allow me to be free  somewhat. i am wholeheartedly a patriot of my country and could care less about one word and yall praising him sound like sheep\n .\nDaniel 11:37\nIt fits his description.\n36Then the king will do as he pleases, and he will exalt and magnify himself above every god and will speak monstrous things against the God of gods; and he will prosper until the indignation is finished, for that which is decreed will be done. 37He will show no regard for the gods of his fathers or for the desire of women, nor will he show regard for any other god; for he will magnify himself above them all. 38But instead he will honor a god of fortresses, a god whom his fathers did not know; he will honor him with gold, silver, costly stones and treasures.\nThis is the greatest Act of Sedition and Treason against the United States by Barrack Hussein Obama! He needs to be brought up on Articles of Impeachment for Sedition and Treason, and then tried and EXECUTED, upon conviction!\nRicardo Lara behind him. What a surprise two homosexuals and God haters pulling down the country.\nGod will be your judge.\nYou are an ass deep. This f**king lose cannon is capable of anything!\nObama, you can go to HELLHELLHELL  personally be the best buck 80 i ever spent  !\nnext he will get rid of The Star SPANGLED Banner\nwhats next. The Star Spangled Banner?\nAnyone who gets federal money or funds I guess that he means welfare and social security money too I will say the pledge anytime I want too, and since he doesnt like out God, I will say to just piss him off God Bless your damn soul traitor.\nThe morality curve has been on a sharp decline in this country beginning in the 60s. This in conjunction with a decline in patrotism is all the effect of liberal and progressive policies that have all but destroyed this once great nation. Im almost 66 so I wont have to deal with this bs much longer. Ill be in a a better place but I have a real fear of the kind of nation my grandchildren will have to grow up in.\nYou wonder why we cant afford another Democrat in the WH!  Pledge of Allegiance is illegal.  Where does it end?\nArticle 2 Section 3 lists the duties of the president. the president must take care that laws are faithfully executed. If the president modifies laws through executive orders or selectively enforces provisions of laws through executive orders the president is violating this clause\nArticle 6 Section 2, which is the supremacy clause, defines what the law of the land is. Executive orders are not listed in the supremacy clause therefore they are not the law of the land. Only laws that do not violate the Constitution are the law of the land. Because executive orders are issued by the executive department outside of the formal legislative process and their contents most often violate provisions of the Constitution they are not the law of the land\nWhat a shame.  But most schools today has been scrapped of it. Let it go and get along.  What more can we do?\nCalling Obama the scum of the earth is too good a name for him.  Everything hes done as president has brought disgrace to American because thats been his plan. Actually, hes brought disgrace to mankind.  If by any chance HC gets elected thatll show just how much this country has declined during his presidency. Itll be far worst once her first term is over.\nThese are the most racist and ignorant responses I have seen to date.\nObama is rotten to the core.  Hes not an American.\nCall that number for his administration hotline thats at the bottom of the article and bug the shit out of them!! 785 273 0325  I called!!\nto the westboro babtist church if u dont like living in this country then leave and take Obama with you it will be a cold day in hell when I will obey this pos of a president who should be impeached immediately. he has no right and those jackasses who are smiling well you can take them including joe biden with you get the hell ouf of my country and dont come back\nHhhhmmmmm..I cant decide whos more repugnant: Obama, Hilllary or Bill Clinton.    Oh wait a minute;  I forgot  to include Satan in the mix..\nGoddamn Muslim Obama, you motherfucker! Burn in Hell!!!\nOur supposedly leaders in Washington are COWARDS !\nTrump will make short order in revoking this order. Hopefully that dam muslim SOB will be gone by then.\nWhat an asshat,  so why does this putz host a prayer breakfast?  What a continual idiot.\nIf any of you are not registered to vote then get off your butts and get registered.\nWe need every vote we can muster to make sure Hillary Clinton does not get in office.\n Trump already said he will wipe out all Obamas executive orders!!!\nMany states have Early Voting or Absentee voting. Use one or the other to make sure your vote is not played around with. If there is no paper copy of your vote make sure it is registered right. This is really important if you live in a bigger city.\nWe fight for the very life of American so get out there and let all the crap going on be known.\nhttp://www.vapersunited.us/elections.htm\nThe sooner this asswipe of a White House resident leaves, the sooner a new White House resident can replace the dignity in this country and reinstitute law and justice to rid this country of those who do not want to be Americans and live in this country as a citizen and pay taxes to live here. I could go on, but Ive said enough now to get a fire going. Have a nice day !\nWe were warned before he was elected president. Read his books.\nWhat else would you expect from a Half Breed KENYAN born in another country.\nSSDD.\nIt doesnt surprise me that the deranged POTUS comes up with outlandish orders.  What does surprise me is that American people lets him get by with it.  He should have been impeached 7 yrs ago.  He will go down in history as the worst president of America.  These 7 yrs have been a total embarrassment and the media has been more corrupt than ever.  God help us.\nOne of the basic precepts in the Constitution and the formation of our Nation was freedom of religion. That means ALL religious beliefs including NO BELIEF IN GOD AT ALL if that happens to be your belief.  Im happy for all the bible thumping zealots who find such solace in the misguided belief that our nation was founded as a Christian Nation. IT WAS NOT. Dont take my word for it, do something  novel for yourself like doing a little research into the origin of our Nation and the ideas, beliefs, and principles so dearly held by those who crafted the Constitution and founded our Nation. Most of the founding fathers were Diests. not Christians. Smarten up and find out what the difference is instead of railing against someone who as a matter of fact is more in line with the thinking of our founding fathers.  You people who are so quick to condemn Obama for doing this are the exact product of the type of brainwashing that the pledge is capable of producing.  Its also so rich to see people here railing against Obama as being divisive while in the same breath condemning mooslims (sic) and uttering the N word liberally. The real scum are the hateful people who are so demonstrably ignorant as evidenced by the hate and vitriol they post here. You should all be grateful for Obama who is looking to insure that we preserve and defend the American vision as it was intended by the founding fathers. I am in spite of the fact that it protects your right to spout and post  such virulent hateful and divisive points of view. As much as I hate what it is that many of you stand for and I detest the ignorant way in which you arrive at your viewpoint, I would as a patriotic American be willing to lay down my life for your right to do so. Thats what it means to be a patriotic American. not reciting some rote pledge which pidgeon holes all Americans so as to have belief in a God that may not be the God of their understanding.\nOf course a communistic, piece of sh*t, anti-American /pro- muslim, anti-police is going to do everything he can to tear apart America. He and his cloneys have done their best to tear down in 8 years what it took 200+ years to build. AND TO THINK HILLARY CLINTON SAID SHE IS GOING TO CONTINUE WHERE HO-BAMA LEAVES OFF. I feel sorry for what America has turned into\nJUST REMEMBER IF YOU VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON THIS WILL STAY AS SHE BACKS HIM ON THIS..DEMONS FROM HELL IS WHAT THEY ARE..\nObama is taking God away from this country! Shame!!!\nThis isnt my America\nThey want America to be a godless society!!!\nMuslims believe in God but not Jesus, so what if they pledge themselves to this country they came here for a better life to prosper and be safe. what guarantees have you if they create a civil war within America.\nThis president is anti-American pro Islam  hang the traitor!\nI am more then sick of this trash that some call president.  He can go to hell.  This is America.  Our military have fought for that flag and the pledge means more to the American people than that man will ever know. He is scum of the earth.  This just shows we need a REAL American as our President. Go Trump 2016\nSarah Bradley, I appreciate everything you are doing to help the homeless. Keep up the good work!\nWhen are people going to realise that whatever comes out of the mouth of obama is actually the mouth of israel. this mess that the world is in is all the work of israel, they own the US, i think you need to take it back but first you have to realise that israel and israel alone is your one true enemy.\nWe ring the bell and nobody listens.  A real president of the United States will undue this.\nTHIS POS SHOULD BE THROWN OUT OF OFFICE.\nHOW is he doing this w/NO ONE stopping him? I thought exec orders were only for emergencies?!? He is SUCH a traitor to our country! Has anyone called the number in the article? I WILL be calling! This man has gone far enough!! Doesnt he have better things to do than to sit around & dissect OUR countrys long- held pledge of allegiance? I guess hell institute one that institutes pledging allegiance to Allah instead! Look out, its coming! Ill NEVER say it though!\nWhat on earth does masturbation have to do with the pledge ABC News???? Did you even proof this article before you published it?? Wowlol\nObama is like an old recycled shoe, hes all nonsense, and its true.the people that voted for him are a bunch of foolish sheep\nI am surprised nobody has thought about what event this must meant to divert our attention from. Scary thought.\nIF the President wanted to divide our Country , this is certainly one way to do so.  I have studied the Pledge. No where in the wording do I find anything to offend Americans.   First, WE are Americans; American Africans , American Italians , American Poles , American Hungarians , American Swedes , American WHATEVER !!  The Pledge helps build pride , in our Country , in ourselves , in our families.  Somehow a religion that demands the faithful adore their deity 5 or more times a day seems somewhat excessive.  By all means , let these people do so.  Some of their laws should be outlawed!  They can follow their laws only so far as OUR system allows ;i.e. , killing a family member for the honor of the father.  Ridiculous!!! This is the21st Century.  Catch up.  Since they dont like our laws and customs.I heartily suggest they go back to where they came from!\nTrump/Pence 2016!!!\nThis is ridiculous! Wake up America! Obama doesnt love our country. He despises it and all that we stand for. Dinesh DSouza predicted this in 2016: Obamas America & his predictions for the corrupt Hillary in Hillarys America will be true as well if we dont fight against her corruption.\nWhen are the people going to have enough??!!!   If Hillary is elected, she will continue this!!!  You watchit wont be long until all kids are required to kneel with the Muslims!  It will only get worse from here!  Hillary has told everyone that she plans to carry on the great (gag me) work Obama has started!  WAKE UP, AMERICA!!!  We r being sold out!\nWHAT A HEARTBREAKING IN TIME HISTORY WE ARE EXPERIENCING AS A CHRISTIANS I KNOW THAT  WILL HEAL AND OTHER CHRISTIANS WILL AS WELL THROUGH THE GRACE OF GOD,  ABOUT THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE IT IS ALL ABOUT PATRIOTISM IN OUR COUNTRY. I THINK IT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA TO FLY EACH CHLDS FLAG OF THEIR COUNTRY ON CERTAIN DAY, I FEEL LIKE THAT WOULD BE SPECIAL FOR THE KIDS.\nTO CLOSE I HAVE A QUOTE FROM ABRAHAM LINCOLN AMERICA WILL NEVWE BE DESTROYED FROM THE OUTSIDE.  IF WE FALTER AND LOSE OUR FREEDOM, IT WILL BE BECAUSE WE DESTROYED OURSELVES\nI totally agree!  All this bad talk will only make things worse.  God is still in control and we will get what we deserve.  Believe me God is the Judge just read the old Testament.   We arent going to like it.  God created so God can destroy.  No President can do that.  Maybe praying for him would be more help!\nObamas Executive Orders Are NOT LAW.  Only Congress can Make Laws.\nHis Executive orders are only enforceable on Federal Agencies or Federal Govt.\nSchools are LOCAL State and City Government, and His edicts are Non Enforceable on them.  Can he withhold Federal funding to the Schools?  Yes.  but Force a Showdown with Him, and the Outcry will be Great Against him, that he and his will back down!!!\nNow since alot of schools are Liberal Dominated, they will follow his orders like law, though they have NO such Authority, and They too can be Challenged!!!\nWhy do you people believe everything you see on FB? LOL This is soo false and soo old. smdh!!\nYou, Mr President, or should I say, HAIL CESAR, are a TRAITOR to our GREAT NATION and our Constitution!  If you dont like OUR (We The People, who still believe in our Great Nation) Pledge of Allegiance, GO YOUR OWN WAY!  Do not ram your radical islamic ( and I did not capitalize the I on purpose) idealism down the Peoples throats.   Everyone has choice, and for those of you who do not wish to believe in God, or the Freedoms of our country, that is OK, however, MAKE NO MISTAKE, YOU WILL ( the people who dont believe) Will have to answer to God one day, and HIS WORD WILL BE FINAL!\nTHE SIGNING OF THE EXECUTIVE ORDER OBAMA HAS SIGNED WRONG ON SO MANY LEVELS, I DO NOT STAND ALONE. THE AMERICAN FLAG WILL NEVER BE FOR FORGOTTEN.\nDONALD J. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE U.S.A.  2016\nProof of His Globlalist New World Order Ties   North American Union, Anyone?\nHe makes me sick to my stomach.\nNinth Amendment to the United States Constitution\nThe enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.\nThis amendment is used to protect the citizenry from any expansion of governmental power because of the limited nature of the Bill of Rights. Because every right of the people of the United States could not possibly be mentioned in the Constitution, the Ninth Amendment was added to supplement those already mentioned. The amendment protects many rights implied in a universal civil code, and those that are linked to other rights already declared. It protects these personal liberties from state and federal infringement.\nWhen does it occur to you that obama is dismantling the United States a piece at a time?\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nOk thats a last straw !!!!! Where is the military and our representatives in congress and the senate ??? Time for ACTION !!!!immediately impeach him !!!!!\nHell never swore his oath or swore with his hand on his heart., he is not and should NOT be paid or afforded the expresidential bodyguards or pay let this arrogant rat starve or better yet force him to a Sharia law country !!!!\nThe vast majority of you commenting are absolute morons, without question.\nThis shows that this man is trying to destroy the USA  and everything it stands for. P.O.C\nObama, you Communist, Muslim Bastardyou are pitiful. You may be the president of the muslim world or the UNbut you are not The President of The United States\nFirst of all, this is a policy move which means its legislative, and, ONCE AGAIN, Obama is ignoring the Separation of Powers in our Constitution.\nSecondly, the whole purpose behind our Pledge of Allegiance is to UNITE our country under God. It clearly expresses the fact that we were a God-fearing nation. This principle is the reason we were strong and all but invincible.\nThe old saying comes to mind  united we stand, divided we FALL. Obama & Hillary prefer another old saying  DIVIDE and conquer. This is where we are headed under the PC verbiage of these TRAITORS considering Hillary said she would uphold this decision if elected!\nTrump has it right when he said he would vet immigrants by making sure they will SUPPORT & UPHOLD OUR US CONSTITUTION & our system of laws. When immigrants come here and do not assimilate, we will be even more divided than ever which is exactly what the traitors want for our country!\nJust when you think that racist piece of trash Obama, cant do anything else to hurt this country, he does this. Worst leader, Worst president, Worst Human being of all time.\nObama is so worried about excluding someone.  Well if he changes the Pledge of Allegiance then he is excluding me and I would bet millions of others who want to pledge our allegiance to our flag and our country UNDER GOD!  But then he is not worried about excluding or insulting Christians.\nA small point of fact claiming that Obama is against god and is a Muslim, just remember Muslims, Jews and Christians all worship the same Abrahamic god. Also Stuff the pledge, hated it as a student, glad its gone.\nThe pledge of allegiance would have been ok if kids were facing the ISIS flag and the part of one nation under God was changed to one nation under allah.  What an abortion of a president, and people think killary is going to be better? Wake TF up America.  You might hate Trump but he wouldnt do this shit.\nThis is a disgrace to those who\nDied for the freedom we have and to all who have served/This explains why\nThere were no flags at DNC-The\nPeople who agree with this have\nSold out our country!!!\n    Any republican who doesnt\nSupport Trump need rethink\nTheir position and remember\nWhat will happen to the\nSupreme Court if Hillary is elected-\nNext comes the 2nd amendment\nRemoval, Sharia Law,& good\nLord only knows.  You republican\nSenators & Reps need to buck\nUp and stand for people, not\nForeigners !!!\nDear God in heaven i ask that in Obamas case  let it be on earth as it is in heaven  in Jesus name amen\nObama will stop at nothing to remove everything that makes America what it is and will do everything he can to get as many people on public assistance so that they are easier to control.  Wake up peoplenothing is free.  There is always a price to be paid.\nHis personal belief is destroying a nation. God help us all!\nIslam: The Convert Conundrum  bit.ly/ntdwi-pt pic.twitter.com/EkVeGT3QKt \nAn Interesting piece of forgotten U.S. History\nWe just dont learn  An Interesting piece of forgotten U.S. History\nWhen Jefferson saw there was no negotiating with Muslims, he formed what is the now the Marines (sea going soldiers). These Marines were attached to U. S. Merchant vessels. When the Muslims attacked U.S. merchant vessels, they were repulsed by armed soldiers, but there is more.\nThe Marines followed the Muslims back to their villages and killed every man, woman, and child in the village. It didnt take long for the Muslims to leave U.S. Merchant vessels alone. English and French merchant vessels started running up our flag when entering the Mediterranean to secure safe travel.\nWhy the Marine Hymn Contains the Verse  to the shores of Tripoli. This is very interesting and a must read piece of our history. It points out where we may be heading. Most Americans are unaware of the fact that over two hundred years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!\nAt the height of the 18th century, Muslim pirates (the Barbary Pirates) were the terror of the Mediterranean and a large area of the North Atlantic. They attacked every ship in sight and held the crews for exorbitant ransoms. Those taken hostage were subjected to barbaric treatment and wrote heart-breaking letters home, begging their government and family members to pay whatever their Mohammedan captors demanded.\nThese extortionists of the high seas represented the North African Islamic nations of Tripoli, Tunis, Morocco, and Algiers  collectively referred to as the Barbary Coast  and presented a dangerous and unprovoked threat to the new American Republic ..\nBefore the Revolutionary War, U.S. merchant ships had been under the protection of Great Britain. When the U.S. declared its independence and entered into war, the ships of the United States were protected by France. However, once the war was won, America had to protect its own fleets.\nThus, the birth of the U.S. Navy. Beginning in 1784, 17 years before he would become president, Thomas Jefferson became Americas Minister to France. That same year, the U.S. Congress sought to appease its Muslim adversaries by following in the footsteps of European nations who paid bribes to the Barbary States rather than engaging them in war.\nIn July of 1785, Algerian pirates captured American ships, and the Dye of Algiers demanded an unheard-of ransom of $60,000. It was a plain and simple case of extortion, and Thomas Jefferson was vehemently opposed to any further payments. Instead, he proposed to Congress the formation of a coalition of allied nations who together could force the Islamic states into peace. A disinterested Congress decided to pay the ransom.\nIn 1786, Thomas Jefferson and John Adams met with Tripolis ambassador to Great Britain to ask by what right his nation attacked American ships and enslaved American citizens, and why Muslims held so much hostility towards America, a nation with which they had no previous contacts.\nThe two future presidents reported that Ambassador Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja had answered that Islam was founded on the Laws of their Prophet, that it was written in their Quran that all nations who would not acknowledge their authority were sinners, that it was their right and duty to make war upon them wherever they could be found, and to make slaves of all they could take as prisoners, and that every Musselman (Muslim) who should be slain in Battle was sure to go to Paradise.\nDespite this stunning admission of premeditated violence on non-Muslim nations, as well as the objections of many notable American leaders, including George Washington, who warned that caving in was both wrong and would only further embolden the enemy, for the following fifteen years the American government paid the Muslims millions of dollars for the safe passage of American ships or the return of American hostages. The payments in ransom and tribute amounted to over 20 percent of the United States government annual revenues in 1800.\nJefferson was disgusted. Shortly after his being sworn in as the third President of the United States in 1801, the Pasha of Tripoli sent him a note demanding the immediate payment of $225,000 plus $25,000 a year for every year forthcoming. That changed everything.\nJefferson let the Pasha know, in no uncertain terms, what he could do with his demand. The Pasha responded by cutting down the flagpole at the American consulate and declared war on the United States. Tunis, Morocco, and Algiers immediately followed suit. Jefferson, until now, had been against America raising a naval force for anything beyond coastal defense, but, having watched his nation be cowed by Islamic thuggery for long enough, decided that it was finally time to meet force with force.\nHe dispatched a squadron of frigates to the Mediterranean and taught the Muslim nations of the Barbary Coast a lesson he hoped they would never forget. Congress authorized Jefferson to empower U.S. ships to seize all vessels and goods of the Pasha of Tripoli and to cause to be done all other acts of precaution or hostility as the state of war would justify.\nWhen Algiers and Tunis, who were both accustomed to American cowardice and acquiescence, saw the newly independent United States had both the will and the right to strike back, they quickly abandoned their allegiance to Tripoli. The war with Tripoli lasted for four more years and raged up again in 1815. The bravery of the U.S. Marine Corps in these wars led to the lineto the shores of Tripoli in the Marine Hymn, and they would forever be known as leathernecks for the leather collars of their uniforms, designed to prevent their heads from being cut off by the Muslim scimitars when boarding enemy ships.\nIslam, and what its Barbary followers justified doing in the name of their prophet and their god, disturbed Jefferson quite deeply. America had a tradition of religious tolerance. In fact Jefferson, himself, had co-authored the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, but fundamentalist Islam was like no other religion the world had ever seen. A religion based on supremacy, whose holy book not only condoned but mandated violence against unbelievers, was unacceptable to him. His greatest fear was that someday this brand of Islam would return and pose an even greater threat to the United States .\nThis should concern every American. That Muslims have brought about women-only classes and swimming times at taxpayer-funded universities and public pools; that Christians, Jews, and Hindus have been banned from serving on juries where Muslim defendants are being judged; Piggy banks and Porky Pig tissue dispensers have been banned from workplaces because they offend Islamist sensibilities; ice cream has been discontinued at certain Burger King locations because the picture on the wrapper looks similar to the Arabic script for Allah; public schools are pulling pork from their menus. But in turn several American companies have placed the Muslim symbol on their products in the name of Allah; on and on and on and on..\nIts death by a thousand cuts, or inch-by-inch as some refer to it, and most Americans have no idea that this battle is being waged every day across America. By not fighting back, by allowing groups to obfuscate what is really happening, and not insisting that the Islamists adapt to our own culture, the United States is cutting its own throat with a politically correct knife, and helping to further the Islamists agenda. Sadly, it appears that today America s leaders would rather be politically correct than victorious!\nIf you have any doubts about the above information, Google Thomas Jefferson vs. the Muslim World.\nFUCK YOU NIGGER!\nI was at the Trump Rally in West Bend, WI last night.  We said the Pledge of Allegiance and sang the national anthem.  I am voting for Trump to end all the crap that Obama created over the last 7 1/2 year.  Obama is a disgrace to our country.\nWe have neither liberty nor justice while this popinjay is in office.\nThe punishment for treason is death.  Lets get this started ..\nThis Muslim piece of shit is the scourge of this country. Anybody who had any doubts about this no good son a of bitch should have no doubt anymore that he is doing his best to destroy the USA from the inside for his Muslim brethren What a low life bastard!\nWhat an ass. Is he gone crazier.  The Pledge of Allegiance has been said in the country for over 300 years and one ass of a president bans it. Im glad I didnt vote for hime.\nWho does this Nigger think he is? Obama, your a Real Piece Of SHIT !\nThe PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE should be mandatory for EVERYONE. You are pledging your loyalty to the United States of America, where you live. New U.S. citizens recite the pledge. What the hell is wrong with people. This is NOT ok. You want to update the words? Run a contest for suggestions and let the populace vote.  You dont want to pledge your allegiance to your country? Get the fuck out & go find another country where you dont have to make a pledge of loyalty to that country. Ive checked a few different countries that Ive seen on House Hunters Intl. They all require some sort of pledge of loyalty as well as learning the language.\nAMEN\nSo in reading this article did anyone notice the bizarre placement of the socks for homeless group? So the person was asked to comment on the executive order and oh, let me put a bit there for my non-profit. But even more bizarre.in the middle of this.\nFappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told ABC News he believes in what Utah is doing.\nIt is important that children become the unique individuals that this country wants them to be. Conforming into the perfect little human beings that God intended them to be has always been the American way. It is important to remember that our Lord and Savior loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then well burn in Hell for eternity.\nWhat the heck is this doing in this article? This is reporting?\nFirst of all if you are a citizen of the United States of America YOU ARE AMERICAN! Whether Muslim Amish Jewish or otherwise inclined you ARE American. One nation Under God is inclusive of all religions its not one nation under Jesus or one nation under Allah its one nation under GOD meaning your incarnation of the term God is inclusive. With liberty and justice for all is in the Goddamn Constitution of the United States! Just because someone doesnt feel they have those things doesnt mean that shouldnt be or isnt our goal as a nation and by not saying we are for justice and liberty of all then we cease to be for those standards. This is total BS and should  not be allowed stop letting the bastards take our rights away! We the people of the United States of America cannot stand by and let this go on any longer! This aggression will not standing man!\nThis man does not even deserve the right to live on american soil.. he is a piece of shit scum muslim terrorist and i will tell him to his face if given the opportunity. I dont know where he is from but hell be back there soon.  i wish nothing but bad luck to him and i never wish that on anybody ever. i cant wait until he and his monkey face wife leave the white house.\nilligitimate Muslim traitor; well said Donald Trump!!!   Anti-God, Anti-American, Illegal,  Muslim Terrorist Traitor.  Spawn of Satin.  Our spineless, sniveling, corrupt government officials are not fit to call themselves Americans.  May they all reside in the same level of Hell.\nImpeach the s o b\nHe says he did it so the millions of minoritys can feel like they belong!\nWhat about the millions of millions more Peopke who believe in the pledge and believe in God!\nDo we not count anymore? Do we not mean anything, if The president wants equality for all then then include the millions more Americans who believe in the pledge and the Flag and more importantly God!!!\nPlease people, do some recycling before getting roped into the high prices of garbage disposal. Having said that, Im still not a fan of Obama and the negative impact he has made by dividing our beloved country through his inaction and lack of leadership in the mist of crisis. Only at the memorial service of the slain Dallas police officers have I first heard a speech from him to unite the country. Nice, but too little, too late.\nHe wants to start trouble so he can declare marshal law. He wants to stay in power.\nAnd look at all around him smiling???? SMH!!!! All of them should be handcuffed, put on a plane, and dropped off in Kenya or Iraq. Why do they leave their sorry country, and come here when we our known for our God, Guns, and Flag???? SMH!!!! Im about to be brain dead! UGHH!!!! Trump 2016\nIn the midst of this debacle of the first magnitude, there is good news folks! One of these days Almighty God is going to make a response with a guarantee  He will wipe every smile off the faces of that bunch you see pictured, including the POTUS himself!\nAnd, once again, Donald Trump contributes the truth.\nWhen all this is over, barack hussein the moslem obama will be burning with allah in HELL.\nThe guy is way past the point of I N S A N E !!!  what a total piece of shit turd Obama is\nHOWEVER, on a good note .. this is just another unconstitutional executive order .. and can be wiped out with the stroke of a pen in a matter of seconds. And as soon as Trump is president, that is EXACTLY what is going to happen.\nSo, Obama, enjoy your new executive order for all of the 4 months that it will be around, you stupid fucktard!\nBull shit get him out of office\nIts not a Christian nation, Mr. Trump. Its a nation.\nOur nation.\nJML\nWhy could they not just take out Under God and leave the pledge. But to ban it altogether is UnAmerican. If someone has a problem saying the pledge when they live in America then they need to leave.\nIm glad this has been done, Under God belongs in nothing about this country. We were not founded upon any particular religion,therefor nothing representing this country should be about a god National Anthem is about the country, as the Pledge Once was, until Religious propaganda pushed to have under god where it did not belong.\nYou must be joking.  This is not mind control.  This is what our nation is made up of.  Now each individual can say or do what they want.  Parents can tell their children not to say the allegiance to the flag if they want.  But this county was founded on this allegiance and its an allegiance to our flag.  If we cant have an allegiance to our flag then what makes us different than other countries.  Hell the President may as well take out all our American songs and pledges because I believe he considers us no long to be America but some other country.  Lets see perhaps OBAMALAND.  He wants us to be OBAMALANDIANS.     ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL IN THIS TIME OF AGE.\nTouch a peoples symbols, even if they are meaningless, and all kinds of emotional fireworks erupt !\nThis is an outrage! Our country was founded and cemented with certain beliefs that involved the belief in God. Not until the last 15-20 years has anyone decided to be offended by having the word God in any of our fore fathers writings in which this country was established from. When is it okay to bend and twist things to fit the needs of a few. In respect to others beliefs or non beliefs, in my opinion history and tradition has a strong bearing on this issue.\nIts about being a Patriot to America. This is what we all grew up on knowing that the USA gives us something to believe in that we the people have rights to do what we want. To take this away is like saying I cant be a patriot to what i believe in. To take pledge in our country everyday has inspired many to serve our country and keep it safe. When you were younger did you feel as if you didnt want to participate in the Pledge? That your teachers made you do something you didnt want to do? As i remember everyone would stand up Instantly and waited for the teacher to start. I dont ever remember anyone refusing or any group of polloticians trying to ban the pledge back then.\nWorst move ever\nObama andcthe supporters of this non binding order should be frog marched, all of them, and face a firing squad at high noon. Not only is he an illegitimate illegal allien but he is an enemy of America. The time for talk is over our c forefathers would have this liberal trash on pikes lining the road to their final resting place, hell. Which is where all good Mudslimes go.\nAside from the fact that an executive order is NOT a law.One nation under God was not originally part of the Pledge (I think it was added when Eisenhower (?) was President).  It would have been so much more in keeping with free speech and open debate to have some Congressman/woman introduce legislation to remove the phrase, followed by vote, instead of this.  BE CAREFUL WHO YOU VOTE FOR COME NOVEMBER cause there is more of this stuff down the road if we make the wrong choice.\nWhy was that paragraph about the anti-masturbation dolphin put in this article.  It just did not fit.\nYoure all idiots.  And racists.  And some of you are bordering on treason.\nSadly ladies and gentlemen of America, I a citizen of this great country of ours, can not believe that We The People are being dragged through the mud by the very people who we recently elected to clean up the mess that Barry Sotore aka; B. Hussein obama he and his co-conspirators had made, since that time what we have learned, electing those people was just an exercise in futility. for 240 years America has been home to Billions and Millions of people born here and America had always opened its doors to millions and millions of Immigrants who wanted to flee their WAR torn countries and come here to feel safe and to prosper. The immigrants who entered agreed that they would first have to learn our way of doing things, they had to accept our Constitution and the laws that governed it, they also had to learn the Bill of Rights, so when they were out in the streets, among the citizenry they would not be strangers, but like the people that hired them and the ones they bumped elbows with while walking the sidewalks, they knew they were now Americans.\nThey were Americans who had freedom that they never knew was real, but had only heard of, they learned if they worked hard and saved their money, they were free to make as much as they could, prosperity was everywhere.  We had a Nation to build, rumors of war were all around, but they we, were Americans, non-stoppable and Free, what wonderful times they were, no one complained that to get a license to drive, they had to take a test so the streets would be safe, we had a draft for Military service and know one complained we just did what we had to do. The people of America were happy, they were working and with their earnings, they bought, homes,refrigerators, electric blankets, T.V.s, washers and dryers, took vacations, had children and they never worried when they went out to play, that someone was going to kidnap them or harass, we recited the Pledge of Allegiance proudly and you could be whoever you wanted to be.\nIn and just a few years before 2008 we saw our country was going through growing pains, but being Americans, shoot we could do anything, cars got bigger and faster, some got smaller and saved gas, Pac-Man replaced the TV., computers were in every home and gadgets were everywhere, music changed from being able to understand the words, to electricity coming out of guitarsYou go Jimmy H. Coke was domineering the world, but some were confused how to mix the dry powder to drink it, they gave up and went back to them Bad smelling cigarettes.\nIn 2008 we could see a change was coming and a lot of US knew the change wasnt going to be pleasant and obviously we were right. Im not going to tell you what has happened in the past eight years, because I believe you already know that what was once a beautiful and prosperous country, has now become a nightmare. Vote for Mr. Trump and lets get our country back no matter what it takes, and I will be at your side.\nI say hang him by his balls on the American flag and remind him what country he pledged to that baby goat raper supporter!\nVery sad day for America.  He acts like a dictator,  not a President.\nHes going to slip on a banana peel soon and into a pool of snakes, hes finished\nPresident Obama , you have been a curse to our nation,   you are the faker of the faker, shame on you when you call yourself a christian\nSomebody put him out of his misery, please.\nThis is MOST CERTAINLY not true!  You all should be ashamed of yourselves for sharing this!\nAs a military member I will be posting the pledge on my desk. This is and order not a law. By making this order I can no longer pledge my allegiance to this Republic which in effect means by default I cannot pledge allegiance to the Commander in Chief of this Republic.\nI can understand removing under god from the pledge due to separation of church and state, but we need the pledge as a daily reminder and understanding that we are a nation of people and should be proud to state this fact. You may not like were we are at in the moment but we are citizens. If we take that away we are one step closer to being people living within the borders. Empathy is never the answer! This simple pledge reminds me that we are a nation of the people and not corporations, (which just soon might be the case). If you give up your rights to be counted then we are not a nation of people but a place of existing. The uncertainty that we face currently is our fault, no one else to blame. Until we as a people, as a nation, demand our representatives to do what is right by us collectively we are doomed to fail. I can only hope that we will wake up as a people, of our nation and go into the streets, hand in hand together, to demand our representatives not do the elites work but the peoples work. Both parties are failing us. And the beat goes on. Look a little deeper at why the cost of healthcare is so high along with the legal license the Rx producers have to rob us. Look at how the banking and finance industries were allowed to bring the world to its knees. These are just a few. Shame on you and me!\nHooray!!! It is about time.\nRevelations prophecies have to be fulfilled before we are all called to heaven I guess. I take comfort in knowing Im one day close to seeing God face to face!\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all\nENOUGH SAID.. Ill repeat it when I wont how I wont and so will my kids u dnt like it cover your damn ears and shut ur eyes..\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all\nIll say it when I wont and how I wont and so will my kids.. if u dnt wont to hear it or see me or them with our hand overy our heart, shut ur eyes and put ur fingers in ur ears..\nLet him have his fun! because God is still in control.remember HE wrote the end of the Holy Book and nothing will be allowed to happen unless God allows it. It will come around and bite them all in the ass, What a victory that will be!\nYou think this is objectionable?  When he realizes that hes only got a few months left hell go into a scorched-Earth mode, after which it will be hard to distinguish the U.S. from Cuba.\nWe need to get Trump in ASAP. Maybe he can undo some of the damage that Obama has done to our nation.\nThe Pledge did not include the words under God when it was written by Francis Bellamy, a Baptist minister, Mason, and prominent Christian socialist,  in 1893.\nIt originally read, I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nThe Christian socialist movement was  founded on the moral teachings of Jesus in response to the greed and labor abuses of 19th century industrial capitalism.\nThis is so horrific, I am speechless When Obama was named president, I felt a pallor of doom come over me.  I felt like I was watching some unreal movie, where all the people were cheering for some horrible thing, and everyone who was watching the movie knew that this was actually something horrible that just started.  I have been watching time after time, this feeling of doom being verified;  Here we are again.  The way this country is headed is down right scary.  I am hoping that maybe just maybe Evan McMullin can somehow make it to the presidency.  He is the only one I have heard talk that even makes sense any more.  He does love this country and has been working to keep it safe with the CIA for years.  He is God fearing and knows how the enemies to this country work.  He is not a traitor, nor a man who would speak of others in such a divisive way as Trump has.  All I know is I dont have much hope for our country with the way it is being run right now, and will keep being run with Hillary Clinton.  GOD HELP US ALL.\nIs nation needs to Stop changing our haratage  to suit people coming here for the American dream.they came here so they need to adapt to our culture, not the other way around.\n This is a out rage! It makes me sick to know that we as a nation have let this continue for not one term but two.\nGive people free stuff and they will follow like cattle to the slaughter house. What made American great was hard work and and a dream could be achieved by such.\nWhat is to be gained by hand outs? The degradation of this once great nation. God bless us all.\nWhat I dont understandthis was Mitch McConnells bill, and it passed with virtually every single Republican in the House and Senate voting for it, and it was opposed by every single Democrat. Why did Obama sign it?\nThis makes me sick.\nI pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America\nand to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation\nunder God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nThis is what the government is trying to get us not to say or believe:(\nSatan is at work which is what we should be doing & Jesus will be directing our paths, & protecting us! Let us not be feeble in our mindset or give into the temptations of the flesh, GOD wants us to be examples & a witness to those who dont believe or know. May God be glorified, we cannot do this of ourselves, only He that has created us can do this & no one else! I cannot sleep until the LORD JESUS CHRIST is made manifest not only in body but also in SPIRIT for there is no other NAME under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved. Praise God we are alive! & will remain with Him FOREVER!!!!!!Do not follow after the words of an abomination such as this, tell others that Jesus is the Way the Truth & the life\nI pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America\nand to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation\nunder God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nThis is what the government is trying to get us not to say or believe:(\nSatan is at work which is what we should be doing & Jesus will be directing our paths, & protecting us! Let us not be feeble in our mindset or give into the temptations of the flesh, GOD wants us to be examples & a witness to those who dont believe or know. May God be glorified, we cannot do this of ourselves, only He that has created us can do this & no one else! I cannot sleep until the LORD JESUS CHRIST is made manifest not only in body but also in SPIRIT for there is no other NAME under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved. Praise God we are alive! & will remain with Him FOREVER!!!!!!\nI suggest you people need to start writing your state congressman and reverse this very damaging decision quickly.\nA country needs patriotism to be strong.  This foolish decision will open some very dangerous doors.\nHere are words in the 4th stanza of The Star Spangled Banner:    Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, and this be our motto, In God is our trust.  The U.S. needs a new national anthem.\nOur president is divisive and contrary to Americas deepest held values.\nThe man is pure pondscum, and corruptillary is no better. Hang in there, Matt\nWoow!no words can describe,your true colors is coming out!Are you serious?So People we have to have Peoples Power to Vote TrUMP PENCE in November!Such a disgusting move!And the media is not saying anything about this?So Crooked!\nsounds like something a socialist would do. Fuck him and his isis brotherhood! if its about GOD then throw your money away pig! because it all has god printed on it. you didnt build this country, youre destroying it from within. eat a bag a dicks!\nSend him to prison, to never be given an appeal or pardon.  With the next president, draft an executive order that his name be stricken from all documents and laws adopted during his presidency!\nObummer needs to go now! IMPEACH!!!\nGlad to see there are Americans out there that are mad as hell and arent going too take it anymore.\nYou sorry piece of shit Obama and his administration. You are a disgrace to our country you fucking rag headed bitch. I wish you was gone already cause you are a fucking disgrace Fuck You.\nIf this pledge of allegiance is mind control,  then the Quran should also be banned. Today. The kind of daily streams hatespeech against women and girls and against unbelievers, and calling for the annihilation (mass-murders) of unbelievers (Kafira) which is spouted in mosques during every prayer-service represents a constant stream of mind-control being carried out against the unfortunately badly brainwashed people in the middle- and far-east, and now also those living in the USA.\nWow this is worst thing ever I am ashamed to be call an American over all these comments. And who cares about a masterbation dolphin thats mess up we need to ban that dolphin from going into schools.\nThis needs to be stopped. This one man has ruined this country. Allowing him to do this now shows what idiots are in charge of this country.\nThis is a very sad day for Americans of our beloved country!   The President, based on his own personal beliefs has no official right or capacity to ban The Pledge of Allegiance in all schools.   Those who choose to no recite the Pledge, can opt out as they always have.\nImigrants coming into this country and choose to becone American Citizens take a pledge to denounce their country, but we know this doesnt happen.\nWe, as American, cannot allow this to happen.   I believe it is abuse of the Preisents executive powers.\nHey idots, under god was added in the 1950s, not by founding fathers.  And this is NOT, NEVER HAS BEEN, NEVER WILL BE a christian nation (or a nation of any other religion). We have FREEDOM of religion  that means you cant force it on those of us who know the easter bunny and Santa Claus and all your other imaginary friends arent real.\nGOOD JOB Mr. President, yet another feather in his cap!\nWhatever you believe rights do not come from government, it is the higher power who created us, thats all that is acknowledged in the pledge..nothing to do with Christianity.  If you think it is imaginary, then try a world without it, like maybe the USSR or China\nWe cant get rid of this guy soon enough. He has spent eight years trying to destroy this country. Whats evn more amazing is the rest of those morons standing there smiling.\nhold on to your ass AMERICA..  I bet he has a lot more in store\nWHO CARES IF THEY ARE OFFENDED.. I AM OFFENDED THAT WE KEEP GETTING SHAFTED.. IF THEY DONT LIKE  O U R  COUNTRY AND THE WAY WE RUN IT  GIT OUT !! GIT OUT!!! GIT OUT!!! INCLUDING OBAMA ..WHY ARE ALL THE RULES CHANGED FOR PEOPLE THAT CAME HERE????  this country was founded on the beliefs we know and love.  thats why every one comes here.. legally or not   I am sick of this jerk and his pen   IMPEACH OBAMA  CONGRESS STAND UP TO THIS ASS HOLE  WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU PEOPLE THINKING?????\nHE MAKES ME SICK\nAll of these people with him should be charged with treason, what a sad pathetic country we have become.  Kennedy put a man on the Moon, Obama put a man in the ladies Bathroom, and people see him as a hero\nObama thinks he is smart and devious when really hes a sad little puppet with the hands of rich elitist white men up his ass, who hate him inwardly and laugh because he has been their little tool for destroying our nation. Barry, you will get your just rewards, you sad little man.\nFurther proof that Liberals are half-wits! F&@# this guy  I know he is not a Muslim\nOh my God! I grew up saying the Pledge in school. Everyone knows that Obama is nothing but a lying deceiving Muslim who has destroyed America bit by bit. The Pledge of  Allegiance is no way demeaning to anyone! I now definitely hope that Trump wins and gets rid of every trace of that man plus that he presses charges for Treason. What is happening to the American People that we dont stand up for ourselves? I hope that Obama burns for his transgressions against our beautiful America.. In God we trust!! Who the hell does he think he is? then saying all they need to do is rewrite the Pledge of Allegiance? Get real and pull your head out of your ass Moron!\nHe is just trying to undermine history and inject islam into its future. He has to leave and his orders repealed.\nThis is an insult to all Americans, just because it has the name under God.  We have really sealed our faith in the Eyes of God when using his name has become offensive to the President of the United States.  Today Obama has lost my little respect I had for him as the President.  A person that does not know the values of this Nation nor its heart can not carry that Title.  And for those who voted for him will be responsible for the judgement that will follow us as a nation.  We have elected a socialist to be president and these are the results.  I am beyond insulted, offended and disgusted.  My Prayer is for loving kindness to our nation and has Jesus said God forgive them for they do not know what they are doing.  We will reap what the nation has sowed.\nWhy is this man still breathing?  Please, somebody, do something!\nI have said it from day one Obama is no good! he not only is a Terrorist he is the Anti Christ! What is happening to the American People?  As Americans we are proud of our Country and Everything it stands for.  We stand up for what we Believe in! We dont let some brainless moron say what we are to Believe in! America is a patriotic country what has happened? and for Hillary to stand there and kiss his ass and act all innocent about the emails, Money supporting questionable agencies and much much more just makes me sick! Come on People Wake up do you want to be forced to dress the way someone tells you? Practice or not pratice your faith the way it is dictated to you? This is where it is headed! I grew up saying the Pledge of alligance in school! It does not degrade or put down anyone what so ever! It is apart of Americas Culture and to suggest it being changed is out outragous ! What is next? I guess that all those people who are left out of Americas true values should not spend Americas Money or even hold it in their hands In God We Trust America was built on the Believe that all men are created equal and no man should stand or be put above Another! Obama has put himself upon a thrown with his stupid laws, and dont get me started on Obama care? Affordable Health care? For whom may I ask.. He is a bigot liar and deserves to go down for treason against our Beautiful country.. Wake up America lets stand together and take back our Country! The Land of the free and home of the brave is heading down a long dark and scary road, we need a President who has the balls to put America back on track not a kiss ass who cant stand on her own two feet! #Word\nIts official : WORST PRESIDENT EVER\nHard to believe that anyone who read the entire article is foolish enough to believe that it was true.  (Try fact checking).    Nonsense like this is written to make the people who share it or actually believe this garbage look stupid and in many cases comments are racist and bigoted.\nIs this treason?  I really wish someone with authority would do something.  One nation under God is the part he doesnt like, which, does not alienate anyonewe were founded on these principles, and dedicated to God at its founding.  No matter how you twist and turn it, it just aint so.  Lets try to change a few things the way they are changing things.  Lets not call them Liberals anymore, lets call them anti-Christ, because that just about sums it up.  They are not removing religion from our schools and public places.  They are only removing Christianity.  We have the right to freedom of religion.  Are they going to change that too.  Hillary made a statement that I found upsetting.  She said that Christians need to change because their beliefs are getting in the way of the Abortion laws.\nRe-elect Obama!!  I love this man!  Throw the religious bigots out of our great country, let them be cannon fodder in Iran to steal their precious oil from other countries!  Ban all religions!!\nII Chronicles 7:14 reads:\nIf my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and PRAY, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways;  then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.\nAll who wants to go to Heaven need to OBEY,  Acts 2:38,39;  Matthew 28:19\nMatthew 28: 18-20\n18 And Jesus came and spake unto them saying,  All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.\n19 Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost(which is Jesus).\n20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of world.   Amen.\nActs 2:38, 39\n38 Then Peter sanid unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost,\n39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all who are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. (afar off means you and me)\nMay the Lord God Bless and Help all who read this.\nIf you truly read (break it down and understand) the pledge, it says pure truth. If people dont want to conform to our country then GET OUT!! Hello people, our country was founded on God and being loyal to our country, as a family is loyal to itself.  In other words, if you cant, dont want to, or  otherwise etc, then find another country you can be loyal to. Stop trying to change our country for the worse!\nWhat a sad day this is.  Kids are not being brainwashed, rather being brought up with morals that will follow them as they mature into adulthood.  If we keep the same leadership in this country for the next 4 or 8 years, the great USA will fall.  The only person that will fix this cancer is Trump.\nAny nation where a citizen faces, quote, Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to $10,000 and up to one year in federal prison. for saying the pledge of allegiance to that nation, but face no consequences whatsoever for destroying subpoenaed evidence, is a nation that has, not justice, but arbitrary rule.,\nI agree with Don. IDIOT!\nHow in the Hell has this piece of shit lasted this long? I just dont understand that something we have been doing for decades he has said it is against the Law. How STUPID can this ASS be?!!!! impeach him Now Vice President Biden I did like but if he is backing up with this he will need to go also.\nObama is a traitor, PERIOD. He upholds none of an America citizens ethics or values, because he was essentially raised as a Muslim. Which is a completely different culture. Nothing wrong with being a Muslim as long as they do not force their religion or culture on anyone else.\nA vote for any democrat is a vote for this kind of garbage. Go Trump!\nAt age 77, I have never recited the added phrase and never will. I also cross our the substituted phrase on our currency, remembering the motto I grew up with, meaning Out of many, one.\nI pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands One Nation UNDER GOD indivisible with liberty and justice for all\nWhat gets me is that he says in his personal opinion   When did the president become a dictatorship?  What happen to the peoples servant?  Why not let the country decide?  Not one person.  It isnt right to force any beliefs on anyone else and it seems like that is all he has done during his term.  If we are not like him, WE are wrong!\nHe is a Muslim and he started ISIS and he is the worst president ever. He will burn in hell if he doesnt change.\nThis has to be the most stupid Executive Order ever signed. NO ONE FORCED me to say the Pledge of Allegiance, when I was in school, I had the choice to remain silent. If Im reading the comments correctly, should Clinton be elected, she needs to remove this Executive Order; or she may be Impeached, before she finishes putting her family photos on her desk. I would REALLY LIKE to see Congress stand-up and deal with this Executive Order, but its an election year so theyre all to afraid to do anything.\nDemocratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has already offered her support of president Obamas decree and has vowed to uphold the order if she wins in Novembers general election. She echoed his concerns about the pledges language and suggested that the pledges mention of God sends the wrong message to Americas children\nObama is degenerate FILTH.\nHe HATES this country and he HATES the people of this country.\nSICKENING.\nIMPEACH OBAMA BEFORE HE COMPLETELY RUINS THIS NATION.  He hates America.  He hates Americans.  He loves Muslims because he is one.  He loves illegal immigrants.  WE ARE ONE NATION UNDER GOD.  WE WIRSHIO GID, not Allah.  Something has to be done with him.  I dont want him retiring with a lifetime salary, security and medical care with our tax dollars.  HE IS THE WORST PRESIDENT WEVE EVER HAD.  GOD PLEASE HELP US.  AMEN\nCan I just say, Im a teacher, and NO ONE FORCES STUDENTS TO SAY THE PLEDGE!!\nYou are a disgrace to the Unite States and the Presidency! You have put all the people that defended our flag, our oath, under the bus! You would not be in the position you are in if it were not for our military defending  your rights and privileges !!!!\nThe Pledge of Allegiance Hasbrouck been attacked for years and upheld by the Supreme Court. I guess Obama forgot about that. Another thing is executive orders only applies to the Executive branch and can be overturned the next day.\nhe is not American..impeach him\n.\nHe is evil personified!\nNO just no this is sick!\nHe may be able to change the law, but we will all one day bow before the God who is the creator of everything. Pray that all will worship the one and only true GOD.\nWhat a great story, way to go Obama!!!\nFoolish. We are country that has spiraled into stupidity, literally, as the cultural foundations of country are systematically dismantled. It seems our only unifying allegiance to to our own selfishness and empty legality. I suppose this was only a matter of time. We seem to be determined to pass on no message, tradition, moral, or meaning of what has previously built America, and why would we? We seem to see children as nothing more than liabilities when they were once responsibilities. Freedom of choice allows us to destroy our babies, freedom of speech is the distortion of porn for our kids, the right to bear arms means blowing people away in surreal mindless shootings, marriage means nothing, family means nothing, and our federal government is merely a legal apparatus for the will of the ruling corporate elite to ensure their own priority status. We stand for nothing, and we will fall for nothing.\nThis is a sad,sad day giving up our allegiance when others come to our country wanting what we have and our happy to learn OUR PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE  for their FREEDOM from where they came from. When many come and hang their flag from their country on their homes and burn our flag, and have NO allegiance to OUR country they need to leave. We need to stand up for OUR FLAG and COUNTRY and THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE. Our children need to learn this is the GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD. Millions come from far and near from other countries to have the FREEDOMS we have. Men and women have died for our flag and country. We need to pray and fast for our President (Whom I did not vote for) to get SAVED and KNOW JESUS CHRIST and have a personal relationship with HIM (JESUS) to CHANGE his HEART about OUR COUNTRY. We have been founded on Christian values, The BIBLE, LAW & RULES. We already see what taking GOD out of schools have produced a LAWLESS, HATED DIVIDED PEOPLE. Wanting only ENTITLEMENTS, a FREE RIDE, FOOD STAMPS, PHONE, GET WHAT EVER YOU CAN AND PAY & DO NOTHING. Making people feel helpless,hopeless and having low ESTEEM. The PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE gives VALUE, knowing you belong to THE GREAT COUNTRY IN THE WORLD. PRIDE that people have DIED for the RED,WHITE, AND BLUE! HOPE your a part of something BIGGER than YOURSELF. I KNOW THERE ARE HURTING PEOPLE HAVING HARD TIMES AND THEY NEED FOOD STAMPS, A PHONE FOR JOBS INTERVIEWS.  Im not talking to about them. But the people who spend their money on DRUGS! DRINKING! and Cigarettes instead of FOOD, RENT and other essentials and dont want to pay for what they need and want. We need to give our kids a chance to know they are valuable to family and society, the world and they can BE anything they are capable of being. Thats why we are ONE NATION UNDER GOD. Looking to the CREATOR FIRST knowing HE has a plan for our life. That we need to give a helping hand to our neighbors with love and understanding. Mr. President Obama you made a GREAT MISTAKE TODAY taking the PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE away from OUR SCHOOLS & GOVERNMENT PLACES OF BUSINESS.\nStupid. If people say under God, why not refer to their own when saying it. As far as atheists, just dont say under God.  As far as the other stuff, youre an American, your alligence should be to your country.  If not, move out.\nI PLEDGE ALLEGENCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITWD STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL!\nIMPEACH AND HANG HIM!\nTREASON!\nThat pledge is divisive? HES DIVISIVE! Hes torn this country apart with his backwards talk and politics!\nHang him from the flag pole underneath the flag he hates so much!\nHes not even fit to take up the same space!\nThis Barrack H. Obama you make me sick!\nWhat else does this guy plan to ruin before he leaves the office? I cant wait to find out. Of all the bullshit Ive seen him get away with and now this?! COME ON! WHEN WILL HE CROSS THE LINE?! His diplomatic immunity has to come to an end. He is an embarrassment to the United States of America and even his own faith for this! Hell do anything to take us back into the Stone Age again and turn us over to our enemies on a silver platter!\nThe POTUS does not get to write legislation under separation of powers.  So this will quickly be voided  if Congress is paying attention.\nhttp://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2001/02/the-use-and-abuse-of-executive-orders-and-other-presidential-directives\nTHE SEPARATION OF POWERS\nThere can be no liberty where the legislative and executive powers are united in the same person.\nCharles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu1\nThe accumulation of all power, legislative, executive, and judiciary in the same handsmay justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny.\nJames Madison, Federalist 46\nAll legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.\nU.S. Constitution, Art. I,  1\nThe executive power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America.\nU.S. Constitution, Art. II,  1, cl. 1\nhttp://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2001/02/the-use-and-abuse-of-executive-orders-and-other-presidential-directives\nTHE SEPARATION OF POWERS\nThere can be no liberty where the legislative and executive powers are united in the same person.\nCharles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu1\nThe accumulation of all power, legislative, executive, and judiciary in the same handsmay justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny.\nJames Madison, Federalist 46\nAll legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.\nU.S. Constitution, Art. I,  1\nThe executive power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America.\nU.S. Constitution, Art. II,  1, cl. 1\nI am a SGI Buddhist of Nichiren Daishonin, we do not believe in the existence of Gods but we believe in loyalty and betterment of our country and society. So the simplistic idea that everyone could think that by saying GOD could represent their own the truth it is that will not apply for us at all.\nWe are the responsible of our acts and mistakes so we should take responsibility of it, to point out fingers and saying that the president it is changing the country or destroying it is like saying that we are all weak sheeps that follow blindly a pastor or that we didnt have a real strong country from the beginning, are we that weak that an executive order could throw us down like a country?\nWe are weak like a country if we keep labeling people and separating us by religious beliefs and enter a nightmare like some countries around the globe that have been killing each other by hundreds of years, do we really want that or it is better to open our minds and accept the truth that if we do not unite thru tolerance and understanding then will be preposterous to think that we would by forcing one way of thinking over the great variety that america always represented.\nhttps://www.facebook.com/DailyPledge/posts/1131804513548426:0\nObama may you burn in hell\nAnyone know how many more days we have to put up with the Muslim Brotherhood DC office?\nIs Obama fking kidding me or what? IF he wants to be under Sharia Law the He can move his family an self to a country that has that and good ridence to them. Hillary says she will continue this Anti-American Pledge!\nThe closer we get to Election Day WE SEE the need for TRUMP to win the WH and for the GOP to win ALL the seats!\nEven though I have Schumer and mostly Ds to write to, Im letting them have it about this E.O. and to STOP it!\nThis must be a joke, really???  Why do all other religions and beliefs have more rights than the American Christian?\nThis is what our country is founded on.\nI am disappointed.\nI will continue to say the pledge anywhere I am.that is my right as an American Christian\nWhat did all those who placed their lives on the line for this country?  This country was founded for religious freedom.   This President needs to resign now.  Hillary where are your brains to agree with this.\nThis is the last straw.\nTrump needed now.\nwhat would one expect from a non-citizen-illegal-president..????\nthis FPoS needs to disappear for ever.   what a HUGE MISTAKE AMERICA made with this Soros puppet..    and Killary will be just as bad.\nTRUMP 2016 & 2020\nThis is unbelievable.  lI had heard chatter that he wanted to do this but never thought he would and of course never dreamed Hillary would endorse it.  If Trump and the Right cant use this to run the final laps in the race and win the Oval Office, then this country is too far gone to save.  I am still in disbelief.  I need to get on the horn and let everyone know what I just read.  OMG!\nA Proud day for the Jackass party, for sure..G-d please forgive them.\nYou communist, Muslim loving bunch of sons-a-bitches will burn in hell and hopefully soon!!\nBy saying liberty and justice for all, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice. Does anyone beside me notice the word white is missing, christian is avoided, veterans, children, teachers, women and the list goes on. He only ever refers to the previous groups mentioned.\nScrew you obumbler, I will not refrain from repeating the Pledge of Allegiance to the United States of America!\nI took an oath in 1962 and repeated it every time I re-enlisted in the U S Navy to support and defend the Constitution of the United States.  I have never been released from that oath.  I will always honor it.\nI do not have to honor orders that you, mr obumbler, have no authority to give.\nBarry   :-3)\nPO1 USN RET\nWhat in the world just happened in this day in history? If God doesnt judge America for all her offensive display of superiority and overbearing pride then there is no God in heaven! BUT I know there is a Supreme Almighty God whos looking down seeing that man sitting there with that pompous look on his face along with those standing behind him. We say, God bless America NO WAY people we need to start saying God Help America! and pray for our country and our future leaders. The Beginnings of Sorrows for America has become even more sorrowful for all concerned as I see it. This is to my opinion on what has happened here today.\nwhat a crock of shit that asshole in office is he a demon if I ever saw one yeah lets deny Christianity and absorb all religions contrary then deny his hatred and fleecing of america isnt being carried out by and , motivated by religion though showing only averse behavior towards Christians as if they were to blame for his accuracy an attempt to destroy this nation as week minded Americans  put what a satanist  in office as his piecemeal  campaign for CHANGE. was motivated by an ancient daemon named     Satan with technology and machinery probably thinks hes getting one over of God Almighty by trying His children on a daily basis.  seeking some sort of illusion by abuse of power to equate himself as a despot.   cant wail for that a piece of shit to step out of office.  Him and his fucked up family.\nI am reading this but cannot believe it. Are we not a sovereign nation?  Why would we not have our children resight the pledge of allegiance in school. We welcome people from all over the world and many different religion and faiths to become part of our great nation and with dad comes an allegiance. I am a strong supporter of  President Obama but with this strongly disagree. Should I consider voting for Donald Trump?\nAnd, btw-no one in this world has a right to FORCE you to say anything you do not want  to say, including the fucking pledge of allegiance. So all of you RWNJs can KMA. And the rest of you racist, bigoted, pretend christians, as well.\nOur President is a disgrace. He is getting rid of all our founding fathers and Presidents established for us and our country.  He should be impeached or not allowed to make these decisions the remainder of his term. Trump is our only hope. Wake up America!!!  Trump for President. 2016!!!\nThis isnt a real story. No I dont support him but i do support the truth and this isnt true, nice try though\nProof of that please\nNaive Americans wanted their First Black President  Now, see what this insane Mad Muslim has done ! The mental African retard is Too Stupid to Balance The Budget and create jobs to overcome the trillions of dollars of debt that this Muslim morons has allowed to happen.Obama has done Zero to stop domestic terrorism in the United States, but he is always ready to offer up a lame eulogy of how none of his little Muslim buddies are ever responsible. Obama offers Tongue In Cheek condolences to slain and butchered police officers. Obama Blames the 2nd Amendment and guns, yet, he does not instruct ATF, the FBI or any other Federal agency to Raid Muslim mosques to search for weapons and terrorists. With Muslim Jeh Johnson in charge of the Department of Homeland Security it would be difficult for even Two-Faced Obama to justify his actions to Raid mosques although everyone knows it is the Muslim ragheads, who are the diligent domestic terrorists. Obama The Traitor released five known Taliban terrorists from Gitmo. Obama The Traitor Lifted The Arms Embargo on Vietnam, to supply Americas Old Enemy with new weapons. The insanity of mericas Mad Muslim just never stops. Now, the Negro Pervert has taken the ultimate step and Banned The Pledge Of Allegiance From American schools. The Russian Revolution began because Russian citizens had finally had enough of the Tsar, the Tsarina and the Russian royal family. Citizens stormed the palace and The Bolsheviks captured the royal family. After about two weeks, The Bolsheviks decided that they wanted to permanently eliminate the possibility that the Russian royal family would ever return to power. The Bolsheviks stood every member of the royal family, to include the children, against the wall and Executed them. The time has come for Americans to toss aside the Political Correctness garbage and recognize the real Threat in Washington D.C. World History has proven The Bolsheviks actions correct in Russia because Russian nobility never returned to the Russian government. America is verdue for some serious House Cleaning in Washington D.C. To Hell With Obama ! I hope this bastard perishes violently in public and takes his whole miserable family with him straight through the Gates Of Hell !\nFUCK THAT ANTI-CHRIST MUSLIM TERRORIST NIGGER ASSHOLE never voted for his nigger ass and all those niggers that supported him now wish they had kept their votes to themselves they got a dose of their own shit from a higher level by voting that asshole into office twice. He might be their president but he will  never be, nor was he ever mine.\nHE NEEDS TO BE BANNED FROM SOCIETY WHAT A FUCKING ATHEIST , ISLAM TERRORIST NIGGER ASSHOLE ANTI-CHRIST PRICK.\nAnd when you look at those fucking puppets standing around him smiling as he does it they too need their asses kicked for supporting such idiocy\nThe new President needs to void and negate  all the negative fuck ups of Obama asshole, and reinstate the peoples rights and religious rights regardless of those islam assholes do not like our form of religion, we to not like theirs has that asshole ilsam Obama ruled to forbid them from wearing their nightgowns in public, from wearing dots on their heads which offends many Christians, has he allowed Christians to kill Islams and get away with murdering and torturing them like he and his administration has allowed????\nFUCK NO SUBJECT OBAMAS WIFE AND CHILDREN TO EXACTLY WHAT HE HAS CONDONED BY HIS OWN RADICAL, ISLAM TERRORIST BROTHERS AND I GUARANTEE HE WILL HAVE A DIFFERENT OPINION WHEN HIS WIFE IS BEATEN, RAPED BY 10-15 ISLAM EXTREMISTS / TERRORISTS, FORCED TO BECOME THEIR WIFE AND SAME WITH HIS DAUGHTER watch how fucking fast that nigger changes his mind about what he thinks now is so fucking great about his islam extremist terrorist brotherhood the asshole prick. certainly will finally see the light when that happens and it could not happen to a nicer prick.\nThis is bull shit, you need to leave well enough alone and get the hell out of America and take your family with you. And while your at it take the Clintons with you. Ill take my chances with Trump. At least he loves his country.\nThis is ridiculous! This is AMERICA! I called the complaint number (785) 273-0325 to let them have it  AND I WILL CONTINUE TO CALL REPEATEDLY AND HANG UP UNTIL THIS ORDER IS LIFTED.\nThis is disturbing, disgusting, and really strange  and Im not even an American!\nCan someone please tell me WHY he has not been put out on the front lawn of the White house with all his belongings.\nI guess Obama wants under Allah instead of under God! Not any mention of God in the 2012 convention and for a person who claims to be a Christian is a joke. The Muslims can have him. He has taken the side of them in everything they do.\nNotice how all those around him are laughing and smiling, Cant wait for the day when we can round all this scum up, by dragging them out of caves, their offices wherever, and giving them a trial they deserve not, finding them guilty of being satanist, traitors, and more and then killing them in ways they could not even dream of.\nYea he is a traitor of the worst kind ! What do yall say we do with him ?\nIts a sad day in America! He started his term by pledging on the Quran, he doesnt salute the American Flag, he cut spending for our military & weakened it tremendously, he stated that America was no longer a Christian Nation, & no one has stopped him; our Senators & Representatives are gutless and just follow his tail like puppies, Americans go blindly day to day and now we are surprised that he has done away with the pledge?  Since the 60s & the hippy revolution, at least 85% of the schools no longer recite the pledge,  and parents- where were you???? No wonder Gods wrath is unfolding on us. America is no longer the America our soldiers have fought to defend!  Christians remember; So everyone who acknowledges me before men, I also will acknowledge before my Father who is in heaven, but whoever denies me before men, I also will deny before my Father who is in heaven. Matthew 10:32-33. His day of reckoning  is coming & he will not escape the wrath of the God he denied! To his atheist followers; The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good. Psalm 14:1\nWAKE UP Christians; its time to shout our faith from the roof tops!\nOkay.  I dont like it but I see his point.  I agree with you Liberty.  This country was created by Christians and, because of this foundation, ALL of us who have replied and commented on this issue need to take a step back and acknowledge the fact that living in the United States of America is a PRIVILEGE (a special right, advantage, or immunity granted or available only to a particular person or group of people) and HONOR.  Because of this Christian foundation, we welcome those from other countries, religions, races, etc.  When you become a citizen, you earn those rights and freedoms that ALL Americans enjoy.  You cannot call yourself an American until you do the legwork, educate yourself and officially pledge to be an American.  Do NOT, for one second, believe that you are OWED anything from anyone, including our government.  By pledging to be an American, you are promising to obey our laws and respect other citizens.  THAT IS WHAT THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE IS ALL ABOUT.  Go ahead, take the God part out if you want to, BUT we must continue to teach our children AND new Citizens that ALL of us expect you to behave as an American.\nAmerica desperately needs a dead President!\nMany, many other nations DEMAND an oath of allegiance to the nation in which they reside that they remain a citizen of that nation and have NO OTHER citizenship.  Outlaw, prohibit and ban all dual citizenships in America.  You are either American or you are not, if you want to remain a  citizen.\nyou people must be the uneducated ones totally a scam!!!!!!!!\nWho are these people grinning while he signs this? So we can vote them out of office!\nWho are these people?\nSo we can vote them out of office!\nAnd smile back at them when they loose!\nSo Sad!!! There just arent words to express the lack of respect for those involved in this act. I guess anyone can call themselves a president  what does that really mean? However  God is still on the Throne and Reigns Above All!\nObama and his moldy crew are always working the gutters.  My guess is that he reached down into a deep manhole and pulled this one out with the hope that Trump would OVER-REACT to it which would only play further into Hillarys hands, as Hillary immediately came out and announced she agreed with Obamas action and if elected president would keep Obamas Executive Order #13738 on the books.  As rotten as it is, its up to Trump to keep his cool and hopefully somehow get elected wherein he has already stated he will cancel all of Obamas Executive Orders on his first day as president.  So cross your fingers, say your prayers, and donate a couple bucks to Trumps election campaign.\nDont be surprised if that Muslim in the White House finds a way to weasel into a third term.  We are about to enter into a state of high unrest and much anxiety.  Fasten your seat belt, its going to be a hard ride!!!\nYour network should be ashamed of yourself!! My father fought for this country in WWII and if he were still alive today he would be so ashamed!!!!\nThis is total bull.. The pledge of allegiance is a good thing.  I helps to instill good values in children.\nThis is a great day not just for Atheists, but for all Americans who value freedom. Forcing children to pledge blind allegiance to this country and profess a belief in a God is extremely dangerous in developing young minds and amounts to little more than government mind control.\nThis quoted statement is 100% false.  You are not pledging allegiance to the government.  You are pledging it to the country.  That might mean you disapprove of  a tyrannical government (like the one we have right now) because you want to protect your country from all threats foriegn and domestic.\nThis federal government is OUT OF CONTROL atm.  They are operating way outside of the constitution and the founders intents.  The founders left us a tool to fix this problem.  We need to give the power back to the states like the constitution intends.  Article V gives us the power to do so.  We need a convention of states.  It is in the works already.  Visit the site, learn what it is about, sign the petition and maybe even volunteer to help.\nhttp://www.conventionofstates.com/\nCant anyone just report the news without pushing there fucking political agenda? Jesus christ, Im so tired of reading this left slanted bullshit.\nTHIS IS BALONEY!!  Im no Obama supporter, but if you look at the Executive Order cited in this posting, youll see it concerns a ORDER OF SUCCESSION WITH THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY.  It has NOTHING TO DO WITH THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE!!\nThis is grounds for a good old fashioned traitor hanging!\nWe need to have a good ol traitor hanging today!\nI have known  for the past 7 years that President Obama has wanted to destroy America.  We silent majority Americans  loyal and true to God and our country must rise up and shout  our love, faith loyalty to God and American.  Get rid of the politically  correct politicians and those who are not loyal to America and our Constitution.\nWhat I hear in the majority of these posts is anger and rage.  I understand.  But name calling will not solve the problem.  If the voters in this nation will stop voting their pocketbook (what is financially best for them) and vote principals, morals, and even some common sense,  we could actually turn this country around.  Will it happenprobably not.  We have become a nation of people who want what they want when they want it.  No more sacrifice, no more what is right and there is right and wrong not shades of gray where we explain away our choices because it makes us feel better.the mentality of those who believe right is relevantthat it depends on the situation and the person.  We stopped standing up for right a long time ago because it wasnt personally advantageous.  Thank God for some, and I think especially of our military, who are still willing to stand up and do the right thing and sacrifice their lives for us.  Whether you want to hear it or not, God had a plan when he made manbut he gave us free will and we have exercised that to the place that we do not want a God that tells us that something we want is wrong. If you can do away with God, then you can make your own right or wrong and no one can tell you what to do.  Perhaps God is giving us what we deserve for turning our back on Him.  Pray for mercy.\nNothing this shameless fool does should surprise anyone. He doesnt think of American as great, his sympathy lies with his barbarian Muslim brothers.\napparently people cant read.\nwow,   this is not for real.      and to think these idiots VOTE!\nno wonder were in deep doo-doo this election year.\nDonald; Christian nation?  Did you just exclude people of the Jewish, Hindu, Buddhist and Native American faiths?\nDonald; Christian nation? Did you just exclude people of Jewish, Buddhist, Hindu and Native American faiths, oh lets not forget the WICCAs\nIf he were white, this traitor would have been impeached by now. Other countries laugh at us while terrorists excitedly take another step at destroying this country. All thanks to that douche we refer to as president and his lap dog Joe Biden. The people need to take back this country.\nObama is an idiot, possibly the biggest idiot in United States. He seems ignorant or lack care for the fact that this country was intended to be a Christian nation, founded on Christian principals. Attacking Christian value is attacking United States itself. Hed better stop while hes ahead or hell have to answer to God someday.\nWhat a worthless piece of muslim shit this illegal nigger has went to far he needs to be removed now because in november this fuckin pile garbage is goin to declair Marshal Law not election and he stays in office and nobody in this country will have any choice but be muslim or die so hopefully something will happen to this stupid worthless pile of black dog shit. Let HOPE AND PRAY IN OUR CHRISTIAN WAY\nThis article has shined a light on the bigotry and hatred for our President.  Disgusting bunch of asshats!\nHillary wants to support this executive action,guess what hill,you just lost the election! This lousy president is the worst ever\nThe Pledge of Allegiance should be recited in our schools. How dare he take this away. Why is the news media not reporting this? Why should we not unite as one nation under God. What are we to believe in? This is divisive. Stop this nonsense. If you dont like this country leave it but dont try to change our great country.\nHow can Obama make this kind of change without consulting the American people. I am shocked to my roots to hear he has gotten away with this. As an older American I have watched the past eight years as this man wrecked this country. This is no longer the country I was born in. Im brokenhearted to see what Obama has turned our country into. We the people is gone, home of the free, land of the brave, gone.  Worst he has no shame for wrecking a beautiful country.\nWe need a survey of all Americans telling him this is unacceptable we want our America back!!!!!!\nA house divided cannot stand!!!!  God help us all if Hillary is allowed to continue what Obama Benlaudin started.\nThis is the most discussing thing hes done so far!! If you cant accept that the so called man, I use that term very lightly, is destroying America from the inside then your blind or one of the enemy also!!\n If you dont want to take the pledge or conform to our country. Then please by all means go back to the 3rd hell hole you came from!  Its time for the real Anericans to stand up..take up arms and stop this shit going on in our country. Its time to take back OUR WHITE HOUSE for the so called government.  Time to hang Ubuma and Killery both for treason. We need to start taking out the radical Muslins with deadly force! Its kill or be killed! Cowboys and Muslims! Take up your weapons and rid this country of all radical Muslims. Behead then as they have done to ours and others!!\n Time to start killing them!\nIm sure that God will make His omniscient judgment on the one man who did the most to destroy the beauty and strength of the most wonderful country in the world, America, which was created by God, by sending Obama to eternal damnation where he belongs.\nSo when do we stand back and really fight back?\nOr has this nation turned into cowards\nIm sorry, but didnt we already abolish the phrase one nation, under God from the pledge of allegiance in schools?\nIm an atheist, Hispanic nationalized American Citizen Ive never found the Pledge of Allegiance in any way divisive, or that my grievances were being ignored, or that I lacked liberty or justice.\nOur president is just a clown, plain a simple. Hes out to tear down our country, bit by bit, piece by piece.\nIf this trend isnt halted, America will be a Communist/Sharia law/gang banger nightmare in a couple of decades.  Im agnostic, but IMO, this is a full-frontal assault on Americas soul.  If someone doesnt want to say the pledge, they have that right, but to make it illegal because Blacks and Muslims are oppressed (which is complete bullshit) and atheists arent represented, and to fine anyone $10,000 for violating this zillionth dictatorial EO  words cant convey my disgust.\nObama is simply a traitor to America.  Unfortunately, even if Trump wins, somehow I doubt that things will change for the better.  The president doesnt run America, the owners of the Fortune 500 companies and old money powers run the West, and they want to create order out of chaos  an absolute, despotic, high-tech order.  If I had the money Id move to Iceland.\nListen Yaal.  An executive order is NOT law.   The Kenyon is laughing at you cause you think every word out of his mouth is law.\nWhat ticks me off is that so many teachers, principles and other ignorant people listen to him\nI CANT BELIEVE THE MILATRY THE ONES WHO SWARE THE OATH HAS NOT KICK IN THE DOOR OF THE WHITE HOUSE AN DRAG THE DAM MAN OUT AN DO WHAT EVER . TO MANY THINGS HE HAS DONE WRONG\nSomeone needs to delete that terd.\nSemper Fi\nTheyll figure it out  eventually.  Chester the Cheetos cheetah\nObama signed this order because of HIS belief that the Pledge violates the First Amendment. Isnt that for a Judicial Branch to decide and not the Executive Branch? Seems the idiot Constitutional scholar doesnt understand the Constitution and the separation of powers. Oh, thats right the Judicial Branch is into legislating so it must be OK (in Obamas eyes) to cross over whenever you wish. Less than 5 months and this asshole can go play as much golf as he wishes. I just wonder what History is going to do to this guy. He is the worst leader this country has ever had. God Bless America!\nDamn you Obama, DAMN YOU!!!!\nAnother stupid move by our HNIC.\nCant wait unit he is out!\nThen when Trump gets elected he can reverse this ignorant move.\nI HOPE you guys know this President needs to be impeached NOW!!!\nYou all are a bunch of racist motherfuckers..and you need to look no further than in the mirror to see the problem with this country!!\nThe Federal Gov does not havuthorto stop the PledgAllegi from being said in  schools\nYou comical libs must stand in front of the mirror for hours, practicing your class clown acts!  Bet you werent popular in school either!\nohhhhhhhhhh HOW DARE YOU!!! NOW SIGN AN EXECUTIVE ORDER BANNING ISLAM/MUSLIM TEACHING FROM ALL SCHOOLS!!!OUR CHILDRENS DONT WANT TO BE FORCED TO BOW EVERY MORNING TO PRAY TO ALLAH IF  THE CHRISTIAN CANT BE ALLOWED TO PRAY TO THEIR GOD. HOW RIGHT IS THAT?? HOW IS THAT YOU GET INTO OFFICE AND YOU TEAR DOWN AMERICA PIECE BY PIECE JUST TO GET RID OF ANYTHING THAT HAD TO DO WITH GOD ?? YOU JUST HAVE TO MAKE THE ATHEISTS, MUSLIMS AND OTHER RELIGIOUS GROUPS HAPPY ONE LAST TIME AND PUT THE REST OF US AMERICANS ON NOTICE THAT THERE IS TO BE NO GOD-IS THAT RIGHT??\nVote for Donald Trump,because he will reverse all obamas stupid executive orders on 1-20-2017.obama is an evil person!\nMuslim Son Of A White Trash Whore!\nOnce again we are deafened by the roar of silence from the Republican majority in CONgress!\nWhat did it do to give the GOP both Houses of CONgress?\nNo one has ever been offended and complained beforePut this ass clown in office and all the sudden half the nation is offended by everything, even something as stupid as a coffee cup.    What next Obama?  You going to take away our rights to breath because it might offend your Muslim ancestors?  We have ppl trying to pass laws about walking dogs in public now because dogs offend Muslims.  This isnt the fucking middle east ppl.  IMPEACH OBAMA!!!  Arrest his ass for treason!!!\nIts likely obama doesnt know the background on the pledge. It did not come into being until 1892. It was authored by Francis Bellamy a defrocked Baptist minister from Boston who identified himself as a Christian Socialist. Bellamy was removed from the pulpit for espousing the view Jesus was a socialist. He was an outspoken advocate of a centralized government. The idea was to indoctrinate school children into the ideology of big government. The founding fathers would have been appalled by such a thing. Bellamy was also the cousin of Edward Bellamy author of the popular 1888 socialist fantasy Looking Backward. In the novel the main character was Julian West who falls asleep in 1887 and awakens in the year 2000 when socialist utopia is achieved. All industry is state owned, Soviet style, and everyone is conscripted into the military at age 21, is employed by the state for their entire lives, and retires at age 45. All workers earn the same income regardless of merit, performance, or skill. Just what muslim communist usurper obama and the communist democrat party demand. To top it off children in school use to give the Nazi style salute of the hand in the air with palm facing away. Then Hitler came to power in Germany and before long when people realized Hitler was not a good guy so this wasnt too cool changed the Nazi style salute to hand over heart. More history publik skools dont teach.\nThis pretty much seals the deal on Killary. No way on earth the majority of Americans want more of the corrupt Democratic Party. The Clintons would finish us off by demanding we fly flags from every nation in schools or create a new one with a moon on it and UAE colors. Obama is the worst and most docile president in U.S history, hands down.\nOvomit is the biggest piece of shit alive!! I despise this useless, waste of a life and will be so glad when we are rid of him!! Muslim traitor!!!\nNOOOOOO.TELL ME ITS NOT SO!  Somebody.STOP the MADNESS!\nT R A I T O R .  .  .  EVILDOER!\nWhy, is he not impeached? for all the dumping he is doing on this great country.\nIm confused!!!!\nGet that niger muslem out of our office. I pray Jesus will strike him down now. Lord forgive me but take this man out he is taking our country away from you.\nWE ARE CALLING ON COPS ALL OVER THE USA TO BEGIN KILLING EVERY SINGLE BLACK GANG MEMBER DEAD.THANKS WE SHOULD GIVE THEM A BONUS FOR EVERY DEAD GANG MEMBER\nAnd look at all the idiots smiling as he does this.  Unbelievable!\nI can see not requiring it, but banning it?\n And he claims he taught Constitutional law?\nMy sons second-grade class performed on stage at the County Fair this year. They sang God Bless America and Youre a Grand Ol Flag and pledged allegiance. The crowd stood up and sang and pledged with them. I cried with pride for my towns bold stance on this issue.\nObama IS Effectively Trying To End Our Country From Being called the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,  What do we call our country now,. ILL ALWAYS BE AN AMERICAN, . I WANT the AMERICA I GREW up in BACK. OBAMA better practice up on his puckering skills, cause he can KISS my ROSY RED ASS if he thinks he can take that RIGHT away from ME.  At most , After people say the PLEDGE of ALLEGIANCE, Give a minute for others to say aloud or silently what they want to say in peace, but the Pledge Of Allegiance comes First And Foremost. The Pledge is not about one Race or Religion cause this country was built on the backs of all races, colors, religions.The Pledge is about being Proud and Faithful to our country.The Pledge says Under God, it doesnt say a specific GOD, whatever God you Worship; Think of Him or Her when you say the PLEDGE. OBAMA is completely going about this the WRONG WAY\n100% on the point God is what ever God you worship, and if you personally dont want to say it dont that is what freedom is all about. I would think anyone that lives in this country would be proud to say it because of the freedom they are allowed, and sometimes abuse in this country.\nGood. About damn time somebody had the guts to do so \nI take it none of you even referenced this executive order to see what it said or rather what it didnt say. Do you just dive into anything that confirms your contempt? Facts unnecessary?\nI have a challenge. Do some research, and not on fringe websites, but some real research before repeating bullshit like this.\nWhat a traitor! Why is our government trying to take away all our beliefs & rights to say anything we want,FREEDOM OF SPEECH! They should all wipe the smiles off their face.He is making us more & more of a Muslim nation.\nIts all part of divide and conquer. Get everyone and everything disputed, and argued over. Take away any sense of cohesion left in America, and it will fall. Look around you and see the division..\nsome more divide and conquer stuff\nExecutive Order my ass.He aint stopping me from reciting the Pledge in school or wherever. Bring it on Mr Prez.\nIm sorry but I would like to lose my foot up Obumas backside!!!\nObummer your traderous piece of shit. You use that damn pen to do whatever you want to do. I hope your ass gets locked up in the cell next Killary. Shes a lying piece of shit too. Hope you both fry for your treason.\nHis EOs may as well be written on toilet paper because the only use of them is wiping my ass on them.\nAbsolutely sick\nobama signing an executive order to ban the pledge of allegiance is an outrage!  hes at it again.  using his power of executive order to further his agenda.  i cannot accept that this is what the majority of americans want.  he is the most unpatriotic, non-christian & dangerous president in our history.  hillary would be even more dangerous for our christian nation.  they are the enemies.  hes a terror of a sneaky kind.  a wolf in sheeps clothing.  hes an abomination to God.  he cant leave office soon enough!\nthis is an outrage!  hes at it again.  using his power of executive order to further his agenda.  i cannot accept that this is what the majority of americans want.  he is the most unpatriotic, non-christian & dangerous president in our history.  hillary would be even more dangerous for our christian nation.  they are the enemies.  hes a terror of a sneaky kind.  a wolf in sheeps clothing.  hes an abomination to God.  he cant leave office soon enough!\nIf this is true, then this Asshole should rot in hell; hes the biggest jerkoff that ever occupied OUR White House!\nI have said the pledge ever since I can remember, this decision does not make sense. Everything for the American people seems to be taken away one way or another. Its sad because America should have something left for America. Everything America stands for is not ours anymore. The people of many cultures and races seem to overtake our country. As an American I struggle to make ends meet but yet I do it legally. We tend to take care of everyones problems and giving our hard earned money away just so people that do not respect America can live better in America. I feel if our country is a country you cannot respect than by all means get the hell out and go back to where you belong instead of leeching on America. You came here because of Americas opportunities and yet complain about everythingridiculous. President Obama made a big mistake by showing weakness and signing that stupid law.\nWell, looks like Im going to hell thanks to that dolphin.\nWhy do Americans have to change our way of life too make others feel comfortable! Obama is not a religious person! I think a president  EXECUTIVE ORDER should have a limit! Never will I vote for a democratic again! I am an independent voter THE democratic party HAS LOST ME FOR GOOD because of Obamas EXECUTIVE ORDER ! WE THE PEOPLE ARE FOOLS FOR VOTING FOR OBAMA HE IS A LIAR!\nThe Communists pushing this say the Pledge indoctrinates.  The real issue is that it continues to promote love and loyalty to our country.  And that is a big NO NO amongst Communists.  We can have no loyalty to God, country or family only loyalty to the One World government.  They want obedient slaves for the planned economy but first they must break down evils morals, the family, faith, patriotism etc. in order to bring about world wide Communism and poverty for all except Obama and his comrades.  Obama is not a Muslim he is a Communist.  Communists have used Muslims for centuries.  They are making Muslims the boogie man when the real boogie man is Communism.  Diversion is how they take over.  Any American that upholds this Executive Order which  is NOT LAW.  The Executive branch cannot make law.  And EO is not law.  And even if it were we are not obliged to follow any unconstitutional law and this is unconstitutional.  Federal employees need to stand up and refuse to follow this EO.  What is he going to do fire everyone?  No way it will happen.  Stand up fight back or become slaves.\nThank youI just posted the same thing\nAnother attempt to extinguish Nationalism to facilitate Globalism. I would agree except for the fact that the elitist cabal pushing for a One World Government wants it to be Socialistic in nature. While I agree that a global government is sociologically inevitable, I do not agree that it must necessarily be Socialistic. This very act by Obama illustrates how the elite have no regard for the masses, and all the other negative effects can be seen worldwide and here at home as Socialism returns in its cyclical appeal. America was founded as an attempt to socially evolve from elitist rule, which has been the norm since civilization began. Other countries likewise began to emulate, but the elitists were determined to keep their power, and have fueled the return to Socialistic Elitist rule at the expense of the masses.\nUnfortunately, the masses arent willingly going to accept the chains anymore. Some Socialism must be accepted to run the vast bureaucracy a global government would entail, but the economic system must be more Capitalistic and individual-oriented to remain productive and innovative. The elitists must accept their roles as servants to the individualistic masses.\nOne simple comment and advise for the author. Very biased piece of work. A good article reports both views of the issues. You provided plenty in favor of the ban, but your opposition view points are not even legitimate; representatives of snopes.com, homeless organizations, and an anti-masturbation group is a ridiculous representation of opposing a ban. Disgusting journalism.\nI cant believe he would do this before a huge election.  I dont agree with everything the democrats do but this is hideous.  If we have people coming to our country because it is the greatest place to be it is because of the Pledge of Allegiance to our Flag and our Country!!    This is killing me that he would do this.  I cant stand behind this.  I cant stand behind the democrats on this.  Not Now not ever!!\nOh for goodness sake!  If its an issue then change the Pledge of Allegiance back to what it was before Under God was added in the 1950s.  The most divisive thing in the US at this time is a man named Barack Hussein Obama, and I will be ELATED the day this effing divider is no longer President come January 20th, 2017.\nI am sooooo tired of that damned lowlife no good satanic antichrist and I cant wait until Jesus comes back and send Obumbo straight to hell!!!!!!\nThe FREEDOM of Speech is for both sides not just one if someone does not wish to say the pledge of allegiance then dont say it! but to sign a law that NO ONE can say it is BS because you are now removing others rights to FREEDOM of speech. If having the words Under God in the pledge is the issue then take those words back out, they were not in the original pledge of Allegiance. There is no reason people should not be allowed to be proud of their country and flag.  Obama has done so much damage to our country and has divided people and encouraged hate, he has wasted billions of dollars on himself and his family and on vacations etc, he has no respect for the American people, therefore I have zero respect for him. HOME SCHOOL people HOME SCHOOL your kids and teach them a complete full lesson on all history so they know the truth, teach them at home about the pledge of allegiance and everything they are trying to remove from the schools. Do you know that the Government used to NOT have anything to do with educaiton? but once people allowed them to have their claws into the system they now can control everything. Thankfully I was able to home school my Son from 4th grade on and he has gotten the best, very in depth education becasue I wrote all the lessons myself. makes me sick when people misuse their authority. just like a misuse of authority by a Mayor who is an atheist, there is nothing wrong with someone praying at a scene of a accident or anywhere, if you dont want to pray then dont, OMG peopel grow up!\nThis President is truly embarrassing.\nWhat is our country coming to when the person who is suppose to support our country and is president chooses to sign an order where we cant pledge our allegiance to our country.    So glad when January gets here!!! And he is gone and hopefully we can begin to repair all the damage that he has done in the last 8 years!!!\nWho gives a flying crap that our Pledge goes against his personal belief?  This man (and thats stretching it) is rotten to the core and is doing anything he damn well pleases when he pleases.  This should be the final slap in the face this nation takes and Gutless DC lawmakers should start the impeachment process NOW.  He is a disgrace to the USA!!!  He has sunk lower then the lowest substance that sits on the floor of the deepest ocean, and we all know that that substance is whale shit.  I really think that his main objective in life is to insight another civil war within our borders, weakening our defenses allowing his Muslim brothers to move in and take over\nThis president has done more disgrace to this country than anyone else in history and I thought long before this date he would be gone. Now January cant come to soon so Trump can take care of all the executive orders this Muslem has made and this country can get back to being a Great Country. I could make a lot of comments about this man but they have already been said.\nThis president is a disgrace to this country, he hasnt done anything to build it up but everything to run it down. This wont be the last order he signs before his time is up which cant come to soon. Hes a liar,cheater,and a Muslem and never should been President of this United States.\nYou right wing nut jobs crack me up. When I need a good laugh I read comments from right wingers and especially right wing, hard core Trump supporters. You are really something to behold. Get a clue people, Trump, the one with the illegal immigrant wife, will never be POTUS.\nI say hang him by his balls on the American flag!\nTime to take action. We the people of the USA need to Ban together and destroy those who are destroying America, including Obama,\nAnyone who come to this country is supposed to become part of this country and truly be an American. If they cant respect our way of life, they can go the heck back where they came from.\nWell since I am not a federal employee, I still have the RIGHT to get up at a public function and say the pledge of allegiance and lead my family and community in the pledge.  If we as AMERICANS lead our community in saying the pledge at public events, we can still teach our children what is right.  We as AMERICANS need to stand up and let Obama know this is NOT what the majority of the AMERICAN public wants.\nI cant wait til this terrorist is out of office. Hillary and him should rot in jail for the rest of their lives.\nAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Why dont yall make some threats against the President? Cmon, lets see you really put your money where your foul mouths are! Do it!\nThe only brainwashing that is being done to the past generation is that of Obama and his beliefs.  Our Nation is great because of how it was developed under our beliefs.  Because we have allowed foreigners into our Nation, Obama has gained the access he needed to ban all fundamentals which make us so great!  We have allowed our government decide how we live,been forced to accept everything that God declares sins and have been ordered by our government that it completely unacceptable to believe there is a God!  Our Nation will fall!  Other Nations have such a desire to know the word of God.  We travel to other Countries to teach the word.  Who would have ever believed that it is we, Americans who have no idea, have not been taught, are not allowed to hear the WORD!  You are either with me or against me!  Our Nation has turned their back on God and we will pay for the sins of so many!  The bible teaches this.  So many nations have fallen.  God has allowed them.  He destroyed them and He will destroy us also!  Obama has been put in a position to carry out what the Bible has written many many years ago.  He is as close to the Anti-Christ if there ever was one.\nObama did this but why ?\nIts about time someone put a stop to reciting that awful shit.\nI dont hate him, but I think his reasoning is stupid. I believe the pledge gives hope to those who feel their liberty and justice has been denied and still freedom to worship God in whatever way you want. English is the main language in this country so it is right to use English in the pledge, but nothing wrong in using another language if you choose. The original pledge did not have God in it so Atheists can leave out God if they want, but they have no right to prevent others from saying it.\nThat piece of shitI hope every Americsn soldier spits in his face!!!\nSeriously people!?! If the majority of you would just open your eyes and see how truly moronic you all are!\nI PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS, ONE NATION UNDER GOD, INDIVISIBLE, WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL!\nMoron\ngood lord, Im Canadian and even I know this is a pile of CRAP  really people check your facts before ranting on and on.\nAmericans must unite to over throw the corruption of Hillary and Donald. Block 270 electoral votes and support the ONLY candidate interested in defending the Bill of Rights. It is a matter of National Security! We are the guardians of liberty. Every vote counts! Visit EvanMcMullin.com and #StandUpWithEvan\nI personally think this is quite entertaining. Remove something as silly as some words and people flip out basically over nothing. People talk about how this country was under God and meanwhile the country as a whole is dong tons of things GodIm assuming Jesus Christwould most definitely not approve of. The USA wasnt under God since this country was started. So please, keep flailing your arms over some missing words. Meanwhile, people will keep getting deeper in debt because of ACTUAL problems.  lol Some people are distracted so easily. Wonderful article by the way. Was quite a fun read.\nYou guys have a blessed day!\nIf you do not know God then you have no religious right to criticize this country about being Under God. This country has backslidden so much it is unreal. We use to be able to go out after dark without fearing for our own lives, there use to be less drugs, less divorces, and less affairs. Kids use to learn about the Bible in public school that is no more. The further this country strays from God the closer it get to Satan. When The Pledge added Under God we were a Christian nation. Today that is not the case. I agree that it should be removed from the Pledge, but a whole new pledge and making it illegal to say the Pledge of Allegiance on government property is BS. Satan is in our midst and we need to fight back! It is either live in Heaven in Paradise eternally or burn in Hell with torture eternally. It is your choice.\nFor all those that dont care about the flag it is about pride, respect and honor to be American and a tribute to those that help us to remain free? Like a Peace symbol represents Peace and Love. To those that thought Obama could never do this, well he did and we have now become a Muslim Country. Muslims have been handed rights beyond anything I have ever seen. All Muslims have a number that immediately tells the White House that they are being harassed or bullied. American people dont have that. We dont have someone at the Federal Level to protect us. Us as in Blacks, Whites, Cuban, Puerto Ricans, Haitians, gays, lesbians, Christians, Jews, Nerds, disabled, Buddhists, Atheists., etc.  As Christians or Jews we are not allowed to pray in school. Muslim children can. A hate crime against a Muslim can get you 30 years to life. A pedophile gets caught they get 5 years and have to register as a sex offender. We do not pay ransom yet he did for 4 Iranian American Dual Citizenship hostages. People shopping at malls are being stabbed now. Next time they will probably ask if you are a Christian then off with the head. Hillary just wants to bring in more Muslims if she becomes President. ISIS promised they would have their flag atop the White House and we may see that BEFORE January. \nTreasonous piece of shit!!!!!! The most Anti-American President ever.\nWhen I sit here and read this article and the comments the first thing i think about is, if this was back when Hitler was in office and we watched the german people salute and pledge him, we would be shocked. The people would be forced to do this or face punishment, Im not saying they would be punished here, but would be ridiculed. There are people who cant recite the pledge for religious reasons. People in this country who pray to another spiritual being besides our GOD, but would be forced to pledge to our GOD. They would be forced, because if any of the children in school didnt participate, the would be ridiculed by the other children. They would be ridiculed even though the constitution gives them that right to not to have to do the pledge. You talk about freedom, government intrusion, and giving up our rights, but its different when its others rights, over others beliefs that are different than yours.\nOvomit doing his best to moraly destroy America because he hates it so much.cannot wait till he is gone and I never have to hear his annoying voice!!\nDear President Obama        I have vote for you so please tell how it o,k. for other people how revision and people under GOD can not have they beliefs as well eve time look GOD be the one cut out here???\nwatch out America  Obama only has a short time to cram down his confused state of mind via executive orders\nAbout these stories  it is all politics. If the president signed the executive order, I strongly disagree with him. About Trump, I also disagree that any sane person, more so, a presidential candidate will tweet that I stand to be corrected. This politics at its lowest level.\nThis OBVIOUSLY is in violation of the First Amendment right to Freedom of Speech! Although this is not an act of Congress, surely there must be an evaluation of executive orders by the Supreme Court as well.\nWe as a nation, every one of us, need to organize and publicize a scheduled day and time when EVERYONE will participate in reciting the Pledge of Allegiance; it will be broadcast across all forms of media, making this President look like a treasonous fool!!!\nNot only is this outrageous, but everyone standing there in the presence of his signing with a smile on their face is disgusting! Record every one of their names on a list!\nAdditionally, the USA does have a culture, and the Pledge of Allegiance is a part of that culture!\nPresident Obama has just given Trump the win.\nHe has gone too far, and Hillary will just follow in his foot steps.   so mad\nKing Obama strikes again.  I pledge alliance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.  Wonder what part offends him?\nWatching from afar I feel sorry for the US why do you hate each other (and probably me now, but I am far away enough to watch what is going on from afar) so much?  I always wanted to visit some of youre beautiful country, but I guess if Trump gets in I will not be allowed in to come over and see these places.  (Well I am Gay after all and I expect he feels the same as he does with anyone different that he is).\nIt just makes me incredibly sad.  Please wake up to what you are doing in your country, everyone deserves to have a future and some hope!\nHe needs to go.  This is America and we have the right not matter where we work or go to school to pledge allegiance to our country.  Who cares if the others that are not citizens do not want to pledge allegiance and if it offends them then its their problem.  They CHOOSE to come to this country, nobody made them.  This president has ruined this country in so many ways he should have been booted out of office along time ago.\nThe president does not have the authority to write law, that is reserved for the congress.  The president can accept or reject a bill passed by congress, if he excepts it then he signs it into law, if he rejects it then he veto it and sends it back to congress where they can either let it die, adjust it for re-submission or over ride the veto and make it law anyway.  the only other responsibility the president has where law is concerned is to enforce those laws which are on the books which Obama has refused to do in cases where he doesnt like the laws; Constitutionally he doesnt have the option of ignoring any law!  Executive orders have been abused by most presidents, they are edicts designed to allow the executive to establish rules for the executive branch; and, those rules do not have the force of law outside the executive branch, they can only result in an employee of the executive branch being discipline, the fines and jail time should civilians and/or employees of other branches of the government choose to ignore them are moot.\nA president that can right law without the input of anyone other than himself isnt a president, he is a dictator; and, if we allow this to continue we are surfs.  Freedoms and liberties which are not actively exercised are lost and illegitimate liberties which are taken by those in charge and not challenged by those affected becomes precedence..\nIve had it up to my eyes balls with Progressives who think anything destructive thing to this country is a good thing. Im just waiting until one of them thinks they can physically bully me. Oh, I cannot wait..\nVery disappointing!\nPart of his fundamental change he promised for our Country. And we allowed it. Look at Beelzeboul and the Demons as they fall into Perdition.\nWTF is this again? Obama cannot stop his destructive actions until the end! It is just another step to implement evil sharia law in America.  I have no respect for such man, and so nobody should have! Its a disgrace and it is a shame for America to have such a president!\nGood thing it wxpires on Jan 1, 2017, the day he leaves office.\nThis must be where the deplorables hang out!!!\nIm a Christian and even though I understand his reasoning, I disagree with his decision. I have listened to people say for awhile now how this country was founded on one nation under God, but that isnt actually true. Our country was founded on the belief that all men are created equal and we should all be allowed to worship freely. That means everyone. Not just Christians. The Pledge didnt exist until the 1890s and didnt have under God until 1954. It is my belief he could have removed those 2 words and kept the Pledge. There would have been complaints from the Christian conservatives, but it would still be in the schools.\nWTF IS THIS AFRICAN DOING, NOTICE I DIDNT INCLUDE AFRICAN AMERICAN BECAUSE THIS POS IS NOT AN AMERICAN, GO BACK TO AFRICA\nWTF IS THIS AFRICAN DOING, NOTICE I DID NOT INCLUDE AFRICAN AMERICAN BECAUSE THIS POS IS NOT AMERICAN!!!! GET THE HELL OUT OF AMERICAN\nJust proves how much he hates this country and that he never has been an AMERICN!!!  Disgusting PIG!!!\nBarack Obama did not have to do this, and especially not at this particular time.  It is hard to avoid a conclusion that he is just seeking to be controversial and divisive.\nF MUSLIM go to hell he and no one will ever stop me from honoring my Country, My religion nad my GOD!!!!!\nThe new pledge, I pledge allegiance to the rainbow flag of the LGBTQ, and to the dysfunction for which it stands, all nations under Global rule, divisible, with libtardedness and social justice for all.\nI honestly believe he is doing this because of all the immigrants coming into this country that they will not have to pledge their allegiance to the United States of American. This is the oath anyone who is becoming a citizen has to recite: The United States Oath of Allegiance, officially referred to as the Oath of Allegiance, 8 C.F.R. Part 337 (2008), is an oath that must be taken by all immigrants who wish to become United States citizensI hereby declare, on oath, that I absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince, potentate, state, or sovereignty of whom or which I have heretofore been a subject or citizen; that I will support and defend the Constitution and laws of the United States of America against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I will bear arms on behalf of the United States when required by the law; that I will perform noncombatant service in the Armed Forces of the United States when required by the law; that I will perform work of national importance under civilian direction when required by the law; and that I take this obligation freely without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; so help me God.\nYour point being?  Anyone coming into this country NEEDS to be willing to say this pledge or they should not be allowed to stay. That simple!\nSo when does he start passing out free copies of the quran?\nAs a Christian myself, I am honestly appalled by the fact that this article actually quoted Fappy and the Stop Masturbation Now organization as Christian one. Seriously, why in the world did they quote him? Of all the people they could have chosen to represent Christianity, they chose SMN and Donald Trump. And let me tell ya, those people at SMN are crazy, and are definitely not Christian!\nIm not surprised by Obamas order, either. It was only time before they removed the Pledge. I mean, come on. It mentions God in it. We cant have that, now can we? Trump is wrong. This country is not a Christian one. True Christians need to start accepting the fact that they are a vast minority and always have been. We need to start seeking Gods kingdom, not the worlds. We are but sojourners, after all.\nI agree with just about everything Obama does and says but this one is just not right. This is a country under GOD plain and simple. To take this out of schools is just wrong. Actually I am shocked!!\nBy saying liberty and justice for all, we ignore the grievances of millions of Hispanics, African Americans and Muslims who feel they have neither liberty nor justice. WHAT??!  We are NOT saying our country has LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL, but a pledge that this is the country the I pledge to which SHOULD have it! We need to work towards that goal.  Should I say I pledge allegence. . .  with NO liberty and justice for all? I think NOT!\nAnd with all that , We-The-Weak and Impotent-Sheeple can kiss Our America goodbye , and welcome in Barak Husseins  New AmerikaGood Luck dear Sheeple..\nThat black sonofawhore and the rest of the low life blood sucking politicians in washington and across the rest of our great country can not recognize the pledge of allegiance to our great flag! Then I Do Not Recognize Them Or The Office They Hold! I see them all as traitors and the lowest form of life on earth! Please stand up people the government works for you and is controlled by you, not the other way around. And who is lower than our government?? The news media!!! Look at how they cause problems twisting the stories and the truth to suit their agendas!! A time is coming we will be able to right all the wrongs in our great country and all these bums in political office will be taken down off their high horses and put in their place.\nYou know Obama needs to get his head out of his butt! The wordsunder God were added to the Pledge of Allegiance in 1954 by President Dwight D Eisenhower. Since our country is now more multiple religious/cultural, even as a Christian, I believe it should be removed from the Pledge of Allegiance. Removing the Pledge of Allegiance and making it a crime for saying it in public is disgraceful for all who have fought, died, and currently to defend our country. Obama is just trying to divide our country. Also if I ever stand in front of Obama I will say the Pledge that I said when I was in school 20 years ago. If he wants to arrest me so be it. I am faithful to God and my country, not a Muslim President!\nIt is sad that many people here just dont care enough to want to keep patriotism alive in our children. Why is anyone defending his actions at all. Its like they dont care about all the sacrifices that literally millions of their own ancestors gave to ensure their freedom. This heralds very dark things for America, I am glad that Texas is gearing up to leave the United States, it has clearly abandoned its people.\nWith liberty and justice for all.  I fail to see how this excludes anyone.  Its not one nation under Christ or one nation under Muhammad or one nation under Jehovah.. This is a step toward undermining nationalism and sovereignty so we will more willingly meld with the One World Government orchestrated through the entirely corrupt, incompetent UN.  What a stupid, stupid thing to do.\nThe progressive way. He said he was going to transform America and they voted for him, in spite of all the red flags. This was another one of the Goals of Communism, entered into the Congressional Record in 1963.\nI pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.\nFUCK YOU OBAMA  YOU MUSLIM EXTREMIST TERRORIST.\nId like to know what everyone in the picture finds so humorous.. ARE YOU KIDDING!!  The Pledge of Allegiance gives our children PRIDE in their country as Americans.. just as it has given to each one of us.  He needs to be impeached right away.. He is the biggest regret this country should have.. the people vote you into the office for two terms and you take away everything we hold dear!  You should be ashamed of yourselves for allowing this to happen on your watch.. and the VP Joe Biden.. HEY JOE, WOULD YOUR SON DECLINE TO SAY THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE FOR OUR COUNTRY??!! What a total disgrace this Administration is.. its NO wonder the world has no respect or regard for us any longer.. Obama set out to ruin our country and thats exactly what he has done.. WHAT KIND OF NATION ARE WE THAT WE CANT PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO OUR FLAG AS AMERICANS!?\nI PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS, ONE NATION, UNDER GOD, INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL!!!\nSomeone pleeeeeze take this anti Christ, anti American prick out and ship the rest of his anti American family to some other nation where they think its better\nI hope he chokes on the US flag and dies while everyone around repeats the pledge to allegiance..\nIll go with whatever Fappy says.\nI understand the Presidents reasoning, due to the fact so many men women and children are penalized for not saying the pledge.\nIf we put it in Christian Terms, it is equivalent to Polycarps refusal and death due to him refusing to burn incense to worship Caesar. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polycarp)\nBut the worst thing is the articles use of quotes for political motivations, good or bad:\nThis is a story about President Obama banning the Pledge of Allegiance in our schools. Bradley said. I just want to say a big thanks to every God-fearing, Patriotic American that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.-Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward\nWhat does that have to do with the price of Socks in China? Thank you Sarah Bradley for summarizing the article?\nI would be embarrassed if my name was on this article.\nI recited the pledge everyday as a child, didnt understand it then and take offense now with the under God phrase.  I certainly dont think thats un-American.  I dont want someone forcing their spiritual beliefs on me.\nIf one lives in this country, comes to this country from another country to LIVE here, then one should have a problem pledging Allegiance to this country.  If you dont like the words under God, then just skip over them.\nDo you still not realize what is happening to your country? This is another one of the Goals of Communism entered into the Congressional Record in 1963. Obama is helping Soros and the globalists make Marxs vision of World tyrrany a reality. Just wait till Hillary picks up where he leaves off.\nthe President explained his decision was based on a personal belief that the language used in the pledge is divisive and contrary to Americas deepest held values. Sounds like his decision is divisive and contrary to Americas deepest held values, not the language of the pledge. Im sure all the liberal HilLIARy lovers are cool with this though. I think I just threw up in my mouth. What a fuckin scumbag President we have.\nBoo Hoo\njust proves he is a traitor and his nasty wife too he probably should of ben tried as a traitor but his vice president Biden is a bigger idiot\nThat piece of shit!  He has to be one of the worst presidents in the history of this country!\nYes the Pledge of Allegiance can be problematic for some religions.  But gay marriage, gender surgery, extra marital sex, and violations of sabbath are bigger problems for religions and Obama doesnt care about them.  He also didnt care about forcing business owners to pay for abortion and birth control which are definitely problem.\nTraditionally the Church of Latter Day Saints had problems with racial equality.  I bet that Obama is intolerant about that.\nGodddamn nigger Muslim Obummer! Impeach now!!!\nIm singing it right now!!!!!\nWhen you take God out of the Pledge of Allegiance you let Satan walk in!!!!  Our fore fathers came to this country when there were no homes and jobs!!!  They had to start over with just what they brought to this country!!! They were able to start over with the help of God!!!  When you change the Pledge of Allegiance you are changing  a piece of history!!!  Our children have enough to learn in schools now!!!!  Why add to what they already have to learn?  The ones who dont want to say the Pledge of Allegiance be allowed to go to a room where it is not said?\nHey Dumbass,\nThe under GOD was not added to the pledge of Allgiance until 1953.  So the founders of the country didnt want GOD (or Satan) to walk in.  Read some history for yourself instead of listening to what other tell you to believe.\nEVERYONE is forced to say the Pledge of Allegiance, its good that they banned it\nCloud with a silver lining. We all know that is just another exec order that will be revoked by President Trump. Its a parting gift of a many many votes from Obama to Trump,\nI like sayin hogwash, yall! We need to make America great again!\nNO NEED TO SAY MORE\nThis makes me so angry. No loyalty to this country. No respect. Being an American is an honor. A privilege. If you arent willing to die for this country. You shouldnt be in it. Period.", "section": "News", "published_date": "2016-12-11T04:05:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) \u2014 Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 13738, which revokes the federal government\u2019s official recognition of the Pledge of Allegiance. Under the new order, it is now illegal for any federally funded agency to display the pledge or for any federal employee to recite, or encourage others to recite, the pledge while on duty. This law also applies to federal contractors and other institutions that receive federal funding such as public schools. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to $10,000 and up to one year in federal prison."}
{"title": "StreetScore scores a street view based on how safe it looks to a human - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/streetscore-scores-a-street-view-based-on-how-safe-it-looks-to-a-human/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Video", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:43-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "UK to allow driverless cars on public roads in January - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/uk-to-allow-driverless-cars-on-public-roads-in-january/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Video", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Going Beyond Amazon: A New Model for Authors, Retailers, and Publishers - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/going-beyond-amazon-a-new-model-for-authors-retailers-and-publishers/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Video", "published_date": "2015-11-23T13:45:44-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Gadget Ogling: Amazon on Fire, Virtual Reality, True Nature and Energy Relief - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/gadget-ogling-amazon-on-fire-virtual-reality-true-nature-and-energy-relief/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "Gadgets", "published_date": "2016-01-19T06:45:46-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}
{"title": "Scalable code without bloat: DCI, Use Cases, and You - ABC News", "url": "http://abcnews.com.co/scalable-code-without-bloat-dci-use-cases-and-you/", "text": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Theyre like, except Im having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Youll have all the Slurm you can drink when youre partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry?\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. Quite possible.\nIt is nice to be important, but its more important to be nice.\nYou guys go on without me! Im going to go look for more stuff to steal! You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? If rubbin frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I dont wanna be right.\nFetal stemcells, arent those controversial? You dont know how to do any of those. Whats with you kids? Every other day its food, food, food. Alright, Ill get you some stupid food. You wont have time for sleeping.\nOh yeah, good luck with that. Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing.\nI love you, buddy! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.\nOh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. When will that be? Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess thats what youre best at, aint it? I dont know what youre talking about.\nDaylight and everything. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. I saw you with those two ladies of the evening at Elzars. Explain that. Leela, Bender, were going grave robbing. Who am I making this out to?\nIts nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. Who am I making this out to? Shut up and get to the point!\nAnd remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, you mean while for the love of God, dont not do it!\nDoomsday device? Ah, now the balls in Farnsworths court! You mean while Im sleeping in it? Shut up and get to the point!\nIve got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, Going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Who am I making this out to?\nThey came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! I havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. Just once Id like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isnt bound and gagged. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.\nI havent felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated science. And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to.\nAh, computer dating. Its like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase upside your head. Who am I making this out to?\nYou mean while Im sleeping in it? Throw her in the brig. Michelle, I dont regret this, but I both rue.\nDaylight and everything. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesnt make sense. So I really am important? How I feel when Im drunk is correct?\nGood man. Nixons pro-war and pro-family. And then the battles not so bad? And remember, dont do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, dont not do it! Shut up and get to the point! Hey, tell me something. Youve got all this money. How come you always dress like youre doing your laundry? Im sure those windmills will keep them cool.\nYes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people wont be sure youve done anything at all. I love you, buddy! Please, Don-Bot look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You guys arent Santa! Youre not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Hey, whatcha watching? Thats right, baby. I aint your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!\nReal generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.\nKids have names? That could be beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. No! I want to live! There are still too many things I dont own! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. You can see how I lived before I met you. Do a flip!\nHello Morbo, hows the family? Ive been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? I love this planet! Ive got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Well need to have a look inside you with this camera.", "section": "New Look 2015", "published_date": "2016-01-19T13:45:41-07:00", "type": "article", "desc": "And when we woke up, we had these bodies. They\u2019re like, except I\u2019m having them! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. You\u2019ll have all the Slurm you can drink when you\u2019re partying with Slurms McKenzie Hey, tell me something. You\u2019ve got all this money. How come you always dress like you\u2019re doing your"}