{"published_time": "2016-06-07T15:57:20+00:00", "title": "CDC: Cigarettes and Tonic Water May Prevent the Spread of Zika", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/cdc-cigarettes-tonic-water-may-help-prevent-spread-zika-virus/", "text": "ATLANTA, Ga.  In an effort to further prevent the spread of the Zika virus, the Centers for Disease Control on Tuesday issued a new travel advisory asking Americans who plan to travel to Central and South America this summer to pack plenty of cigarettes and tonic water.\nCigarette smoking actually has some health benefits in that in that it works as a natural deterrent to mosquitoes, Dr. Raymond Goodwin, an infectious disease specialist at CDC headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, explained. When you exhale tobacco smoke, you are  in a sense  creating a temporary force field around your body which mosquitoes are simply unable to penetrate.\nThe CDC is asking those who are traveling to regions and countries where Zika is most prevalent, including Brazil, Colombia, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Haiti, Honduras, Venezuela, and Puerto Rico, to consider postponing travel plans until more is known about the virus.\nIn the event travel is unavoidable, Dr. Goodwin said Americans  particularly pregnant women  who visit the affected regions should make a concentrated effort to smoke as many cigarettes as possible throughout the duration of their trip. If youre outdoors or in an area where mosquitoes are common, the best line of defense is frequent consumption of tonic water coupled with incessant smoking, Goodwin advised. Also, consider lathering yourself in bug spray and, if you can, keep a citronella candle burning nearby at all times.\nDr. Goodwin said by adhering to the necessary precautions, travelers are far less likely to contract the Zika virus through a mosquito bite. However, the CDC warns the possibility of catching it through sexual transmission remains high.\nTo further assist travelers in the protecting themselves against the Zika virus, the CDC, working in conjunction with the Transportation Security Administration, is issuing one free carton of Marlboro brand cigarettes to travelers who are destined for Central and South America for trips lasting one week or less.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an effort to further prevent the spread of the Zika virus, the Centers for Disease Control on Tuesday issued a new travel advisory asking Americans..."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-12T14:14:48+00:00", "title": "Cabinet Members to be Determined by Apprentice Style Reality Show", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/trumps-cabinet-members-to-be-determined-by-apprentice-style-reality-show/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Former reality TV star and United States president-elect Donald J. Trump will appear inThe Cabinet, an upcoming six-partApprenticestyle reality show that will ultimately serve to determine the most qualified candidates for key cabinet positions inside his administration, campaign manager Kellyanne Conway confirmed to Fox News on Saturday.\nThe Cabinet, which premieres December 1st on NBC, is hosted by vice president-elect Mike Pence and former American Idol judge Simon Cowell. Its an honour and a privilege to be able to play a role in the American democratic process, Mr. Cowell toldThe Independent.The fifty-seven year-old Cowell, who has also appeared as a judge onThe X-FactorandAmericas Got Talent, vowed to bring his signature brand of harsh judgement and criticism toThe Cabinet. This is obviously a very important competition, Cowell said. Now having said that, if youve got a big mouth and youre controversial, youre going to get attention.\nThe shows cast is said to include a whos-who of pastApprenticeandCelebrity Apprentice stars as well as a number of generals and politicians currently being considered for cabinet positions by president-elect Trump and his transition team. This is going to be a very tense competition, said co-producer Marcus Young. Youre going to have Gary Busey, Meatloaf, Dr. Ben Carson, and Senator John McCain in one corner; theyre going to have to set aside their differences and work together to produce an advertising campaign for a fictional lemonade distributor.\nMeanwhile, a second team of celebrities and prospective cabinet members including Star Jones, New Jersey governor Chris Christie, Arsenio Hall, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, will have to race against the clock to formulate a comprehensive twelve-point plan to save Social Security.\nCraig Wolff, a senior staff writer forThe Hollywood Reporter, was among a handful of journalists who were invited to attend a screening of the shows first episode. The results were pretty shocking, Wolff told TMZ. A certain well-known cast member suffers a major meltdown almost immediately. Citing a non-disclosure agreement with NBC, Wolff said he could not reveal the identity of the cast member, but later added, Its no one you would immediately expect.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former reality TV star and United States president-elect Donald J. Trump will appear in The Cabinet, an upcoming two-part Apprentice style reality show...."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-26T10:25:54+00:00", "title": "Kevin Hart to Play Malcolm X in Pixar Remake of Spike Lee Film", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/kevin-hart-to-play-malcolm-x-in-pixar-remake-of-92-spike-lee-film/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Actor and comedian Kevin Hart has signed on as the voice of iconic 1960s civil rights activist Malcolm X in an upcoming Pixar movie based on the 1992 film by director Spike Lee, Mr. Harts publicist told TMZ today.\nTitledThe Trials and Tribulations ofMalcolm Little, the animated comedyis set in the sixties and tells the story of a young Malcolm X as he struggles for acceptance in a predominately white middle class society. In contrast to Spike Lees 1992 documentary style drama, Pixars remake puts a comedic family friendly spin on the civil rights movement.\nWith an all-star cast consisting of some of the biggest names in comedy, including Jerry Seinfeld, who voices the notorious FBI Agent #2 and Wanda Sykes as Malcolm Xs loyal wife Dr. Betty Shabazz,The Trials and Tribulations of Malcolm Littleis expected to become one of the most successful animated films of 2016.\nBy taking what many would consider a low a point in American history and turning it into something thats not only bright and funny, but also educational, Pixar has really revolutionized animated films, said Edmond Warrick, a film critic withThe Hollywood Reporter. This opens the door for a host of interesting plot lines, especially in a time where were seeing so many regurgitated ideas. Imagine animated family friendly films depicting the events that led up to the insurgency in Iraq or even the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.\nThe Trials and Tribulations of Malcolm Littleis tentatively set to appear in theaters nationwide February 5th. The film has received an MPAA rating of PG due to some minor violence and suggestive themes.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "LOS ANGELES, Ca. - Actor and comedian Kevin Hart has signed on as the voice of iconic 1960's civil rights activist Malcolm X in an upcoming Pixar movie..."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-17T09:33:29+00:00", "title": "Nickelback to Open for ISIS on 2016 'Coming to America' Tour", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/nickelback-to-open-for-isis-on-first-leg-of-2016-coming-to-america-tour/", "text": "HANNA, Ab.  The popular Canadian rock and roll super-group Nickelback has signed on as the opening act for the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria during the first leg of their highly anticipated 2016 Coming to America Tour, bassist Mike Kroegertold MTV News today.\nWere super stoked about being allowed back into the States, said Kroeger, who was placed on the No Fly List along with fellow band-mates last November after an apparent computer error at the Department of Homeland Security resulted in their names being inadvertently added to the terror watch list.\nUsing a number of anonymous Twitter accounts, the global extremist powerhouse known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syriatook to theWorld Wide Webto announcethat it plans to kick off the start of its U.S. tour by dropping an incendiary bomb on Washington, D.C.\nDressed in his signature black robe and headscarf, beardedISIS front man Abu Bakr al-Baghdadiappeared in an online videolast Wednesday witha special message forthe groupsfans. The streets of America will run red with the blood of the infidels, he proclaimed.\nMeanwhile,MTVCanada reportedMonday eveningthatNickelback has officially begun the recording phase of their ninth studio album which the band is set to release just days ahead of the Coming to America Tour. I think our fans are really going to dig it, vocalist Chad Kroeger said. The sound on thisnew record was heavily influenced by our eight previous albums.\nKroeger called the entire creativeprocess from start to finish an emotional rollercoaster but said hes confident the new album, titled Global Sharia Law, will be the bands best work to date. The band is rumored to have already received over a dozen requests for preorders through their official website.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The popular Canadian rock and roll super-group Nickelback has signed on as the opening act for ISIS's highly anticipated 2016 'Coming to America' Tour."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-14T12:44:29+00:00", "title": "Kanye: Taylor Swift Sent 'Armed Commandos' to My House", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/kanye-taylor-swift-sent-armed-commandos-to-my-house/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Kanye West and Taylor Swift are at it again. The latest spat between the two comes on the heels of last Thursdays scuffle, which began during the launch party for his latest album, The Life of Pablo, when Kanye dropped a verse from the track Famous,in which he insinuates Taylor Swift ought to have sex with him because he made her famous.\nAs expected, Ms. Swift did not take kindly to being name-dropped. She promptly issued a strongly worded statement through her publicist condemning Mr. Wests actions and accusing him of promoting misogyny. Later, Swifts brother uploaded a video to Instagram that depicted him throwing a pair of Yeezeys -a brand of designer shoes created by Mr. West, into a garbage bin.\nAs if that werent enough, shortly after 4 p.m. Saturday evening -according to West and the Los Angeles Police Department, two teams of twelve men wearing commando gear laid siege to the West-Kardashian compound. The first team arrived mere seconds before the other and rappelled from a helicopter onto the roof of Kanye and Kims $20 million mansion. Meanwhile the second team crashed through the complexs wrought-iron gates aboard two heavily armored black Chevy Tahoes.\nSecurity footage obtained by TMZ shows the commandos smashing the second-story plate-glass windows before hurling stun grenades and tear gas into the West-Kardashian residence. Meanwhile, Kanye, who was reportedly holed up in his lavish master bedroom engaged in a three-way Skype session with Kim and Rob Kardashian, incorrectly believed the commandos were affiliated with BET. Theyre here for my Humanitarian Award! A clearly flustered Kanye is said to have told Rob, having to shout in order to make himself heard amid the sounds of incoming machine gun fire.\nIt was then, according to the Grammy-winning rapper, that heavily armed gunmen used a battering ram to break down the ornate oak doors leading into his sprawling sleeping quarters. Seconds later, Kanye told TMZ, he was pistol-whipped in the face and sent flailing backwards into his $175,000 diamond-encrusted California King bed. Meanwhile, his masked assailants hovered over him -some pointing guns in his face. One of them, whom Kanye described as being particularly menacing, thrust a satellite phone into the rappers quivering hands.\nKanye admitted he was shocked to hear none of than Taylor Swift on the other end of the satphone. She said, Kanye, enough is enough! And she hung up, recalled West. I was like, Who the f*** this b**** think she is?' However, despite extensive damage to his home -including the loss of Kanyes three-hundred year-old petrified pineapple, a priceless heirloom passed down through six generations of Wests, the rapper said he has no intention of filing charges against Ms. Swift.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Kanye West and Taylor Swift are at it again. The latest spat between the two comes on the heels of last Thursday's scuffle."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-10T19:50:28+00:00", "title": "Gibson at Golden Globes: I'm Filming 'Passion of the Christ 2'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/mel-gibson-at-golden-globes-im-filming-passion-of-the-christ-2/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Speaking to reporters outside of the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles, California today, American actor and producer Mel Gibson announced he has begun filming the follow-up to his controversial 2004 film, The Passion of the Christ.\nThe sixty year-old filmmaker explained the films premise to TMZ, saying, This is the untold story of the life of Jesus Christ following his resurrection from the dead. Gibson said the film begins with Christs arrival at the gates of Heaven following his crucifixion at the hands of the Jews and chronicles the Son of Gods life up to the present.\nUsing historic and religious texts, Gibson said he was able to put together a plausible theory explaining what life might be like for a middle-aged Christ living in his fathers omnipotent shadow. Christ didnt only sacrifice himself for the sins of Christians living here on earth but for Christians living on other worlds all throughout the universe, Gibson explained. Try to imagine the psychological cost of traveling to millions -no, billions, of planets, and each time, dying so that others may live. Its very humbling.\nGibson said he originally wanted American actor James Franco to play the role of Jesus but according to a source with knowledge of the casting process, Mr. Franco flat-out refused to read the script. Gibson has since castSigns co-star Joaquin Phoenix to portray Jesus Christ.\nMel Gibson is scheduled to present an award during the 73rd annual Golden Globe Awards tonight in downtown Los Angeles. The Passion of the Christ 2 is set to appear in theaters nationwide in the summer of 2017.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "LOS ANGELES, Ca. \u2013 Speaking to reporters outside of the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles, California today, American actor and producer Mel Gibson announced he has begun filming the follow-up to his controversial 2004 film, \u2018The Passion of the Christ.\u2019 The sixty year-old filmmaker explained the film\u2019s premise to TMZ, saying, \u201cThis is the untold \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-02-10T20:38:13+00:00", "title": "J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter a Metaphor for Climate Change Crisis", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/j-k-rowling-new-harry-potter-metaphor-climate-change-crisis/", "text": "LONDON, Eng.  Author J.K. Rowling announced on Wednesday that the newest installment of theHarry Potterseries,Harry Potter and the Cursed Child: Part I & II,will debut in a two-part book on July 31, 2016. Fans of the series were ecstatic upon learning of the books release, as it was originally intended to only appear on stage.\nDebuting on Harry Potters birthday (July 30th for the uninformed) at the Palace Theatre in London, the play acts as a sequel to Rowlings seventh book. Unlike its predecessors, the play is a result of a creative collaboration between J.K. Rowling, playwright Jack Thorne, and director John Tiffany.\nSet nineteen years in the future, the plot revolves around the life of Harry Potter -now a working-class family man, and has, according to producers, an underlying theme that touches on the inherent dangers surrounding the global climate change crisis. The play serves to make a strong case for the dire need to end our dependency on fossil fuels, said cast member Paul Thornley, who plays an adult version of Ron in The Cursed Child.\nThe storys antagonist, whose identity has yet to be revealed, has harnessed the immense power of fossil fuels and greenhouse gasses and threatens to destroy the Muggle world -and Harrys legacy, once and for all. Its up to Harry to learn how to combine his advanced wizardry with clean energy to save not only himself, but everyone he holds dear, explained Rowling. Meanwhile, the fate of humanity hangs in the balance.\nSince Rowlings 1997 release of the first book in the series, titledHarry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, the books have sold more than 450 million copies worldwide.In addition to being the best-selling series in world history,the four most recentHarry Potter books broke records for the fastest-selling books in recorded history withHarry Potter and the Deathly Hallows sellingnearly 11 million copies within twenty-four hours of its release in the United States alone.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "J.K. Rowling announced the newest installment of the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, will debut in a two-part book on July 31, 2016."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-16T12:38:38+00:00", "title": "Signed Selfie of Kim Kardashian Sells for $325 Million", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/signed-selfie-of-kim-kardashian-sells-for-325-million/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  An autographed selfie of California socialite and reality TV star Kim Kardashian sold through an online auction site last weekend for a jaw-dropping three hundred and twenty-five million dollars, according to the celebrity news websiteTMZ,which broke the story Wednesday morning.\nWhile the proud new owner of the 3 x 5 photograph has reportedly insisted their identity remain secret, an anonymous source told TMZ that a Chinese holding company that, in the past, has been known to do business on behalf of North Korea, transferred $325 million worth of Bitcoins to an account registered in the name of a prominent member of the Kardashian household.\nOf course no one knows for sure if Kim Jong-un is actually the buyer, saidUS Weeklys Jorge Alvarez. But I think youd be hard pressed to find anyone else in North Korea with three hundred million bucks lying around. Alvarez pointed out that North Koreas Supreme Leader is rumored to be a die-hard fan ofKeeping Up With the Kardashiansand even had a replica of Kim and Kanyes $20 million Hidden Hills mansion-complete with life-sized wax sculptures of the Kardashian family performing various tasks- erected on the outskirts of Pyongyang.\nDespite the Supreme Leaders exquisite tastes and lavish lifestyle, experts say Kim likely used funds meant for humanitarian aid to purchase the postcard-sized snap of Mrs. Kardashian. North Korea receives annual financial and humanitarian assistance amounting in millions of dollars, said Gene Shearer, author of Custard Pies and the Prince Lord of North Korea.Its not unheard of for the regime to dip into those funds for personal purposes.\nAt any rate, Kims purchase of the multi-million dollar selfie sets a new record for the most expensive piece of art ever sold. The previous record holder, Kenneth C. Griffin, an American hedge fund manager, paid $300 million in 2015 forInterchange, anoil paintingby the late abstract expressionist Willem de Kooning.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "LOS ANGELES, Ca. \u2013 An autographed selfie of California socialite and reality TV star Kim Kardashian sold through an online auction site last weekend for a jaw-dropping three hundred and twenty-five million dollars, according to the celebrity news website\u00a0TMZ,\u00a0which broke the story Wednesday morning. While the proud new owner of the 3 x 5 photograph \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-01-25T01:24:56+00:00", "title": "Ammon Bundy, Jon Ritzheimer to Star in New Reality Show", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/ammon-bundy-jon-ritzheimer-to-star-in-new-reality-show/", "text": "HARNEY COUNTY, Or.  From the creators of the popular Fox reality TV seriesParadise Hotel andHousehusbands of Hollywood comes the true story of two simple-minded ranchers turned Constitutional defenders. Set entirely within the confines of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregons Harney Basin,We Took an Oath: The Story of the Modern-Day Minutemen gives viewers an exclusive look at the minds behind the Oregon standoff.\nStarring the Citizens for Constitutional Freedom, a small band of farmers led by forty year-old rancher and armchair constitutional scholar Ammon Bundy, the show chronicles the nail-biting and often tedious realities associated with an armed standoff against the federal government.\nSelect news organizations including Real News Right Now, were invited to attend a private screening of the shows pilot episode with executive producer Jesus Rodriguez. During a brief Q&A with the media, Rodriguez explained that while under the cover of darkness, Foxs filmmakers entered the wildlife refuge and installed dozens of cameras in and around the complex. There were these armed militia guys escorting our people around throughout the entire process, Rodriguez said. They were quite certain that federal agents were lurking in the shadows, ready to emerge and engage them at any moment.\nDespite being the shows executive producer, Rodriguez was not permitted access to the refuge due to fears expressed by the militiamen that federal authorities, upon seeing a dark-skinned individual, would violently storm the refuge and eliminate the entire group.\nSandra Brinkley, an attorney who represents both Mr. Bundy and Mr. Ritzheimer, told TMZ on Sunday that the two men were in the right to ban Rodriguez from the set. In fact, Ms. Brinkley said, her clients almost backed out of the deal with Fox entirely. There was some disagreement over compensation, Ms. Brinkley said, adding that her clients explicitly stated they would not do the reality show for anything less than $30 million. However, after some deliberation, the pair settled for $25 million each plus royalties.\nWe Took an Oath: The Story of the Modern-Day Minutemenis expected to premiere this September on Fox as part of the networks Fall TV lineup.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "HARNEY COUNTY, Or. - From the creators of the reality series Paradise Hotel comes the story of two simple-minded ranchers turned Constitutional defenders..."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-25T08:36:25+00:00", "title": "Clooney, Citing Anxiety, Postpones Filming After Fork Incident", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/george-clooney-citing-exhaustion-and-anxiety-postpones-filming-following-fork-incident/", "text": "EDINA, Mn.  Academy Award winning actor George Clooney is refusing to leave his trailer on the set of the latest Cohen brothers film in Edina, Minnesota, after an incident at a nearby Cheesecake Factory left the actor with a strong distaste for the sweet dessert.\nOn Friday, April 21st, Mr. Clooney and his wife, Amal, dropped by the Cheesecake Factory on Southdale Circle in downtown Edina, where they shared a slice of Mango Key Lime cheesecake. They liked it so much, they ordered a second slice, Assistant manager Blanche Wilson later told TMZ. In fact, she added, Mr. Clooney bought everyone who was in the restaurant that day a slice of cheesecake.\nHowever, after Mr. Clooney settled his bill and left, Blanch told TMZshe swooped in before the busboy and rescued a salad fork used by Clooney. I just knew I was holding a piece of history, she said. The fifty-nine year-old assistant manager said she rushed to the kitchen where she expertly used a vacuum storage bag to preserve the treasured fork before listing it on the popular online auction site, eBay, with a jaw-dropping starting bid of one million dollars.\nWithin an hour, an intense bidding war erupted between at least two potential buyers. I couldnt believe my eyes, Blanche said. Every time I logged in, there was a new bid. By the following morning, the auction had ended and Blanche Wilson was suddenly  and remarkably  eight million dollars richer. I was ecstatic, she told TMZ.The first thing I did was call my hair dresser and make an appointment.\nIn an exclusive interview withReal News Right Now, George Clooney, speaking via Skype from inside his trailer, revealed that it was he who had placed the winning $8 million bid on the salad fork. Im just not comfortable with the idea of strangers having my DNA, Clooney explained before adding that the mere thought of someone having something hes touched leaves him crippled with anxiety.\nMr. Clooney toldReal News Right Now that over the last decade, hes spent upwards of one hundred million dollars in online auctions in an effort to prevent his DNA from falling into the wrong hands. Ive got a little operation in my basement where I pay a couple of neighborhood kids twelve bucks an hour to scour the Internet and bid on things that Ive had contact with, Clooney said, adding that if he had the time to do it himself, he would.\nClooney had reportedly visited the Cheesecake Factory in Edina to prepare for his role as Pete in the latest Cohen brothers film, Cheesecake Factory, a period piece set in the early 1990s, according to the actors publicist.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Academy Award winning actor George Clooney is refusing to leave his trailer on the set of the latest Cohen brothers' film in Edina, Minnesota..."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-05T12:50:21+00:00", "title": "Duterte Bans Antihistamine Drugs in Latest Set of Crackdowns", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/philippine-government-bans-antihistamine-drugs-latest-set-violent-crackdowns/", "text": "MANILA, Ph.  Police in Manila conducted more than two hundred raids on Wednesday after Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte announced that pharmacies and drugstores where antihistamine medications such as Benadryl and Claritin are sold have been reclassified as drug havens and their respective owners as drug pushers.\nWhile antihistamines are typically available over the counter and can be used to relieve or prevent hay fever and a plethora of other allergies, they are often used in conjunction with other chemicals to manufacture methamphetamine. You are supplying the ingredients that are used to poison my streets, charged Duterte during a press conference on Tuesday. Get out of my cities or you will be killed.\nFlanked by a contingent of heavily armed police officers, the Philippine president said authorities would not differentiate between those suffering from seasonal allergies and habitual drug users. However, Duterte said that in order to avoid immediate execution at the hands of his national police force, antihistamine users and distributors alike are encouraged to register for treatment at their local community centers. In a rare moment of compassion, the president urged his fellow countrymen to sign up, saying, If you register now, you can spare your family the anguish of finding your bullet-ridden corpse rotting in the street.\nReeinald, a twenty-eight year-old lieutenant colonel with the Philippine National Police, oversees operations at a drug treatment center located about thirty miles south of Manila. Here we are cleansing many people of their addictions, Reeinald explained during a brief tour of the facility. The lieutenant colonel said he had been authorized to provide the Philippine News Agency (PNA) with exclusive access to the centers cleansing rooms, three two-story windowless warehouses  each outfitted with its own state-of-the-art crematorium  where drug users will undergo rehabilitation seminars.\nBecause there are so many drug addicts in the Philippines, we are limited to three bullets per addict, said Reeinald before continuing, I tell my men, If you cannot kill them with three bullets, you will have to find another way. Fortunately for Reeinald and his officers, President Duterte is offering a hefty bounty to any law enforcement officer who personally takes the life of an individual caught in the act of buying or selling antihistamines and other drugs. Strike them down where they stand, Duterte demanded during recent press conference. Use a gun or a knife, I dont care. Burn their homes to the ground and leave them for the dogs.\nPresident Rodrigo Duterte, who recently likened himself to Adolf Hitler, has come under fire from the United States for his ambitious desire to exterminate an estimated three million drug users by the summer of 2017. Ill be happy to slaughter them, Duterte said, adding that in doing so he will finish the problem of my country and save the next generation of Filipinos from the clutches of addiction.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Police in Manila conducted more than two hundred raids on Wednesday after Philippines' president Rodrigo Duterte announced that pharmacies and drugstores.."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-07T10:30:50+00:00", "title": "White House Says Uncontacted Amazonian Tribe Has Been Radicalized", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/white-house-says-uncontacted-amazonian-tribe-may-radicalized/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama, who is in Laos attending the ASEAN Summit this week, convened his National Security Council via secure video on Wednesday to weigh options for military intervention in the Bolivian rain forest where U.S. intelligence officials say an uncontacted Amazonian tribe may have become radicalized.\nIn a statement released by the White House early Wednesday morning, National Security Advisor Susan Rice said credible intelligence obtained by U.S. assets operating in the region suggests high-ranking leaders of the Yanaigua tribehave deciphered a copy of the Quran which may have been inadvertently dropped by a hiker more than thirty years ago.\nThe threat these individuals pose to the national security of the United States has never been more grave, Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper said while speaking at a foreign policy conference in Washington this week. This is a group that is extremely proficient in guerrilla tactics and jungle-based warfare, Director Clapper said before adding that the Yanaigua tribe is made up almost entirely of military-aged males.\nAccording to an intelligence report obtained byThe Washington Post, the Yanaigua, who number in the high one hundreds, are believed to spend the vast majority of their time hunting and gathering. However, as to what exactly the Yanaigua are gathering, Clapper has said U.S. officials just dont know.\nThe worry is theyre gathering materials to construct a weapon of mass destruction which they intend to detonate in a major U.S. city, an intelligence official speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press toldThe Post.The official said that in late July, the CIA had attempted to use a reconnaissance drone to get a closer look at the Yanaiguas activities but had to pull out when tribe members began hurling spears at it.\nWere well past the point of negotiations, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) told C-SPAN. The Kentucky senator, who has been known to criticize President Obama for being soft on Islamic extremism, said Republican congressional leaders are calling on the Obama administration to authorize a sea-launched cruise missile strike on the Yanaigua. This isnt about the presidents legacy, this is about preserving American lives, McConnell charged.\nAmid rising tensions on Capitol Hill over what should be done about the growing threat of Islamic extremism in Bolivia, President Obama told reporters on Wednesday that he is ready to take the gloves off in South America. This is not something that can be brushed aside and left for the next administration to deal with, Obama said, adding, The time for action is now.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama convened his National Security Council on Wednesday to weigh options for military intervention in the Bolivian rain forest..."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-21T09:27:08+00:00", "title": "Cops Apologize for Shooting Motorist in Foot During Traffic Stop", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/oregon-police-apologize-shooting-motorist-foot-traffic-stop/", "text": "EUGENE, Or.  The Eugene City Police Department on Tuesday issued a public apology after a patrol officer accidentally discharged his service weapon during a traffic stop over the weekend and, in doing so, shot a motorist in the foot. The City of Eugene is working closely with community leaders in an effort to ensure that we are able to avoid an occurrence such as this one in the future, Eugene Chief of Police Amelia Turner said during a press conference Tuesday afternoon.\nOn Saturday, September 17, thirty-four year-old Dylan Roberts of Springfield was traveling east on 6th Avenue in downtown Eugene in a bright red Ford Mustang when police, who were on the lookout for a stolen vehicle of the same make and model, initiated a traffic stop. During the stop, officers learned that Roberts had a warrant out for his arrest for the murder of his wife and three children whose dismembered bodies were found wrapped in a plastic tarp in the Willamette River.\nPolice immediately called for backup and ordered Roberts to exit the vehicle with his hands in the air. As the arresting officer approached the vehicle to take Mr. Roberts into custody, he stepped on a section of loose pavement and subsequently lost his balance. As a result, the officers weapon discharged, striking Roberts in the foot, Chief Turner said. Police promptly began administering first aid to Roberts until an ambulance arrived to transport him to an area hospital.\nDavid Hazzard, Jr., Roberts defense attorney, told theEugene Weekly that his client will not file charges against the Eugene Police Department or the officer responsible for the shooting. My client has agreed to accept a public apology from the City of Eugene in exchange for reduced charges, Hazzard said. A spokesperson for the District Attorneys office confirmed toReal News Right Now that the charges levied against Mr. Roberts have been reduced from first degree murder to negligent homicide.\nRoberts isnt the first motorist to be shot by police this week. On Friday, officers in Tulsa, Oklahoma, shot and killed Terence Crutcher, an unarmed African-American man, who had stopped his vehicle after experiencing car trouble. An attorney representing the female officer involved in the fatal shooting said she was forced to shoot Mr. Crutcher when he attempted to reach through the closed drivers side window of his vehicle for an unknown object.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Eugene City Police Department on Tuesday issued a public apology after a patrol officer accidentally discharged his service weapon during a traffic stop"}
{"published_time": "2016-09-01T10:00:45+00:00", "title": "Ashton Kutcher Opens Up on Being Held Captive by Colombian Rebels", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/ashton-kutcher-opens-held-captive-colombian-rebels/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  In an exclusive interview with Entertainment Tonight, actor and producer Ashton Kutcher opened up on his time in captivity at the hands of Colombian rebels. The six-month ordeal began in early February of 2001 when Kutcher, along with the entire cast and crew ofThat 70s Show,were hiking along the Magdalena river in western Colombia.\nIt was supposed to be a spiritual retreat, Kutcher, who portrayed Michael Kelso onThat 70s Show, toldETs Sophie Schillaci. One minute were walking along this serene landscape and the next thing we know, these men  who we initially thought were Colombian soldiers  come pouring out of the woods and theyre pointing guns at us. Much to the groups dismay, the men, it turned out, were in fact not soldiers but members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC.\nKutcher and his fellow cast members were immediately stripped of their belongings and forced at gunpoint to march more than fifty miles into the dense Colombian rain forest. We arrived at their camp just after sunset, the thirty-eight year-old former fashion model recalled. The camp, which consisted of a little more than a dozen huts with thatched roofs, a landing strip and a shooting range, would become the actors home for the next six months.\nIt was hard at first, Ashton admitted, but we had to learn to make the best of a bad situation. To pass the time, Kutcher and his fellow cast members wound up filming Season Four ofThat 70s Show on a rudimentary set constructed under the watchful eyes of their militant captors. We had a FARC member act as a stand-in for Tommy Chongs character in two of the later episodes, The Ranch starrevealed. Kutcher went on to explain that Chong  a Canadian American comedian who portrayed Leo Chingkwake  was forced to spend two weeks in the hole after a failed escape attempt.\nLess than forty-eight hours after wrapping up post production on Season Four, Ashton Kutcher and fellow cast members Mila Kunis (Jackie), Danny Masterson (Hyde), and Kurtwood Smith (Red Forman), overpowered their captors and banded together to escape the FARC camp. In the ensuing chaos, the cast and crew ofThat 70s Show found themselves pitted in a ninety-six hour gun battle against FARC forces in the remote mountains of Colombia.\nIt was an incredible bonding experience, said Kutcher, who described a moment of intense clarity when co-star Topher Grace, who portrayed Eric Forman on the show, commandeered a helicopter whileParenthood star Erika Christensen, who appeared in Episode 10 as Stacy, cut down wave after wave of charging FARC soldiers with a mounted machine gun.\nOn the third day of fighting, a small group led by actors Danny Masterson and Mila Kunis destroyed a column of advancing FARC vehicles using rocket-propelled grenades and remotely detonated shape charges which had been covertly planted along the road the night before by Debra Jo Rapp (Kitty Forman). That was a real turning point for us, Kutcher remarked. Hours later, the group miraculously managed to cross the border into Panama where they were promptly flown back to Los Angeles in time for the premiere of Season Four ofThat 70s Show.\nIn June of this year, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) signed a historic ceasefire agreement with the Colombian government after nearly four years of talks in Havana, Cuba. The ceasefire, which went into effect at midnight on Monday, brought a somber end to the bloody conflict that left more than 260,000 dead and millions internally displaced.That 70s Show aired from August 23, 1998 until May 18, 2006 on Fox.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an exclusive interview with Entertainment Tonight, actor and producer Ashton Kutcher opened up on his time in captivity at the hands of Colombian rebels."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-06T00:09:02+00:00", "title": "Philippine President's Car Destroyed in Apparent US Drone Strike", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/philippine-presidents-car-destroyed-apparent-u-s-drone-strike/", "text": "MANILA, Ph.  An official state car belonging to Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte was destroyed in an apparent missile strike late Tuesday night, the state-run Philippines News Agency reported Wednesday morning.\nWitness say the vehicle, a sleek black armored Mercedes W221, had been left unattended in the motor-pool outside of Malacaang Palace in Manila on account of President Dutertes absence while attending the ASEAN Summit in Laos this week. We heard a woosh followed by a gigantic fireball and then the car was gone, a witness who works as a groundskeeper at the presidential palace told the PNA.\nThe incident occurred just hours after President Barack Obama cancelled a prearranged meeting in Laos with Duterte. The popular American president reportedly planned to confront his Filipino counterpart over the southeast Asian countrys decision to carry out extrajudicial killings against suspected drug dealers and users alike.\nIn a public response to President Obamas perceived intentions, the outspoken Duterte called him a son of a bitch and said he answers to no one except the Filipino people. Who does he think he is? Duterte asked before slamming his fist on the table and declaring, I am no American puppet!\nAmerican puppet or not, President Barack Obama was clearly perturbed by Dutertes sharp tongue. A member of the presidents Secret Service detail toldReal News Right Now that the U.S. president immediately dropped what he was doing and ordered the Central Intelligence Agency to send an armed Reaper drone into Philippine airspace. Well see who the son of a bitch is now, Obama reportedly said while he watched via satellite as a Hellfire missile struck Dutertes prized Mercedes.\nAs of press time, not even a whisper of reprisal could be heard coming from Philippine president Rodrigo Dutertes camp but one thing is for certain: While Duterte may rule his tiny Asian nation with an iron fist, he is certainly no match for the extraordinary strength and reach of the United States military.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MANILA, Ph. - An official state car belonging to Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte was destroyed in an apparent missile strike late Tuesday night.."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-28T11:12:18+00:00", "title": "Idris Elba to Play Bruce Wayne in Upcoming 'Dark Knight' Remake", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/idris-elba-to-play-bruce-wayne-in-tyler-perrys-dark-knight-remake/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  British actor and musician Idris Elba has landed the lead role in Tyler Perrys upcoming adaptation of Christopher Nolans 2008 crime dramaThe Dark Knight, the actors publicist, Michelle Benson, confirmed on Tuesday. Idris is thrilled to be a part of this project, Ms. Benson toldThe Hollywood Reporter. Its been a lifelong dream of his to portray Batman.\nDirector Tyler Perry, whose previous films includeMadea Goes to Jail andDiary of a Mad Black Woman,described himself as a die-hard fan of theDark Knight Trilogy but said the films distinct lack of African-American actors inspired him to produce a remake. Weve got a great group of people working on this, Perry toldBET. Kat Williams is playing the Joker. A lot of people said Heath Ledger made a great Joker, but Im telling you now, wait until you see Kat.\nAlso included in the all-star cast is iconic rapper turned actor Ice Cube. One of the pioneers of gangsta rap, the former member of N.W.A. has signed on to play Lieutenant Jim Gordon. In a recent interview withThe Source, Ice Cube said he plans to bring a 21 Jump Street-style vibe to the Gotham City Police Department. In addition, comedian Kevin Hart is expected to appear in a minor role as Robin, Batmans loyal sidekick.\nActor and author Sir Michael Caine, who played Bruce Waynes British butler and valet throughoutThe Dark Knight Trilogy,will appear in Perrys adaptation  again  as Alfred Pennyworth. Im just relieved I dont have to relearn my lines, the actor joked. A source with first-hand knowledge of the casting process confirmed to Real News Right Now that Caine is the films only Caucasian actor.\nTyler Perrys upcoming and highly anticipated movie,The Black Knight,is set to hit theaters in the spring of 2017. The film is rumored to have a budget of $380 million, more than twice that of the original motion picture directed by Christopher Nolan.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "British actor and musician Idris Elba has landed the lead role in Tyler Perry's upcoming adaptation of Christopher Nolan's 2008 crime drama The Dark Knight"}
{"published_time": "2015-10-23T15:20:24+00:00", "title": "Taye Diggs to Replace Lamar Odom on KUWTK", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/taye-diggs-to-replace-lamar-odom-on-keeping-up-with-the-kardashians/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Producers for the E! reality show Keeping Upwith the Kardashians have cast actor Taye Diggstoplay Lamar Odom in the showseleventh season,Shauna Roberts, the showspublicist told TMZtoday. Taye was an easy choice for the role,Roberts said, adding, His smile alone is enough tocapture the hearts of millions offans.\nA source close to the Kardashian family told Perez Hilton that Rob Kardashian, who is reportedly returning to KUWTKfor the eleventh season,is not happy aboutTaye joining the cast. They have a history, the source said, alleging Rob and Taye got into a violent physical altercationin the parking lot of the Beverly Hills Country ClubafterDiggs made a snide remarkto Rob overa decisionto park his SUV in a handicapped parking space.\nThats something theyll have to work out, said Lance Johansson ofThe Hollywood Reporter. Most of us, I imagine, would prefer they do it on camera. Johansson, a vocal reality TV critic, questioned whether or not the shows producers will decide to include Lamars drugproblem in the storyline.Itll certainlymake for interesting TV ifthey do. Either way, Tayes one hell of an actor, he said.\nDiggs, whowon an award forOutstanding Actor in a Drama Series in the 2005 NAACP Image Awards, is set to assume Odoms role in KeepingUpwith the Kardashians,which has resumed filming this week.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Producers for the E! reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians have cast actor Taye Diggs to play Lamar Odom in the show's eleventh season."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-20T09:34:12+00:00", "title": "Syrian Boy Who Survived Airstrike to Get Free McDonald's for Life", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/syrian-boy-survived-airstrike-receive-free-mcdonalds-life/", "text": "ALEPPO, Sy.  Omran Daqneesh, the five year-old Syrian boy who made international headlines last month after a shocking photo appeared online depicting him dazed and covered in blood just moments after an airstrike obliterated his neighborhood, will receive free McDonalds for life.\nThe generous offering comes from Linus and Olivia Carter, the affluent south Florida couple who founded The Liberation Project, a non-profit organization tasked with rescuing guinea pigs from medical facilities where they are used to conduct scientific experiments. I can remember when I first saw Omran on the news, my first thought was, Now that little boy could use a Happy Meal, Olivia Carter told theTampa Tribune. I just knew I had to do something.\nThe Carters immediately charted a flight to Damascus where they dined on caviar and roast duck with Syrian president Bashar al-Assad at one of his lavish personal residences. Of course we wanted to go and meet with Omran to personally thank him for his sacrifice, Mrs. Carter explained. But Bashar  as always  was quite insistent that the entire area had been overrun by al Qaeda.\nInstead the young Daqneesh was presented in absentia with an ultra-rare 24-carat McDonalds Gold Card entitling him to free meals for life. Because Omran could not be there himself, [Syrian Defense Minister] Fahd Jassem al-Freij graciously accepted our contribution in his place, Mrs. Carter told theTribune. The defense minister promised to travel with his entourage to Omran Daqneeshs demolished neighborhood in Aleppo to personally present the displaced child with the Carters gift.\nMore than 400,000 people have lost their lives and another 11 million have been displaced since the start of the bloody civil war that has gripped Syria since March of 2011. Since their inception in 1968, only two hundred McDonalds Gold Cards have been made. Notable recipients of the card include Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, and actor Rob Lowe.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The five year-old Syrian boy who made international headlines last month after a shocking photo appeared online depicting him dazed and covered in blood..."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-04T09:39:31+00:00", "title": "Russia: Assad Only Bombing Hospitals that Refuse Health Insurance", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/russia-assad-bombing-hospitals-refuse-health-insurance/", "text": "ALEPPO, Sy.  Rescuers continued to comb through the rubble in search of survivors on Tuesday after at least seven people were killed in an airstrike targeting the M10, a civilian hospital in eastern Aleppo, the day before. Mondays bombing marked the third time in less than a week that the M10 hospital has been targeted in a government airstrike.\nRussias Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Vitaly Churkin, said the bombing is part of an ongoing campaign to wipe out hospitals and other medical facilities that refuse to accept health insurance. The Syrian people have already suffered enough at the hands of Islamic extremists, Churkin told reporters. To add insult to injury, many are being forced to pay out-of-pocket for healthcare.\nSince March of 2011, an estimated 430,000 Syrians have been killed as a consequence of a civil war between Russian-backed government forces and Islamic militants. As a result of the ongoing conflict, Syrias once state-of-the-art healthcare system is in shambles. According to a recent report by the World Health Organization, less than thirty doctors who accept insurance remain active in Aleppo.\nIt is simply unacceptable for these individuals to reap profits from the casualties of this unnecessary war, charged Churkin. The diplomat went on to say that Russian and Syrian warplanes will continue to pound medical facilities where health insurance is not accepted as well as any operations meant to exploit the plight of the Syrian populace.\nSyrians already have enough to worry about, Aleppo resident Adnan Nasry told Real News Right Now. The fifty-nine year-old lives with his three children in the burned out shell of what was once their family home. With barrel bombs, poison gas, and shelling  not to mention the destruction of infrastructure  we have no running water or plumbing and my children must scavenge for food. How can we afford to pay for medical treatment?\nFortunately for Adnan and his family, al-Assads forces are committed to eradicating Syria of its for-profit medical facilities one airstrike at a time. No one cares more about the Syrian people than President Bashar al-Assad, boasted Syrias envoy to the UN, Staffan de Mistura. Were going to rebuild Syria from the ground up, de Mistura continued, saying, But first we must level it.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Rescuers continued to comb through the rubble in search of survivors on Tuesday after at least seven people were killed in an airstrike targeting the M10"}
{"published_time": "2015-03-19T07:00:00+00:00", "title": "Fred Durst Says 'Break Stuff' is About His Father, Robert", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/fred-durst-says-break-stuff-is-about-his-father-robert/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst told Spin Magazine yesterday that the lyrics to the track Break Stuff, featured on the bands second album Significant Other, are about his father. 71-year-old Robert Durst was arrested by the FBI on March 14th in New Orleans after new evidence implicating him in the murder of Susan Berman came to light during the taping of the HBO special The Jinx.\nGrowing up, we had to be very careful around my father, Durst recalls. He was always on edge; he would snap at the smallest infraction. The younger Durst began distancing himself from his father shortly before the start of his musical career. Around the time we started putting together a track list for Significant Other, I decided to put down some lyrics about my father, kind of through his eyes, Durst says. We ended up calling it Break Stuff.\nThe song, which contains lyrics like,first one to complain, leaves with a blood stain, and,I hope you know I pack a chainsaw, Ill skin your a** raw, serves as an ominous forewarning for things to come. In 2003, Robert Durst admitted to killing his elderly neighbor, Morris Black, during a confrontation. He went on to use a pairing knife, an axe, and two saws to dismember the body, after which, he dumped Blacks remains in Galveston Bay. A Texas jury would later acquit him of murder.\nFollowing its release in 1999, Limp Bizkits second studio album, Significant Other, ranked Number 1 on The Billboard 200, Top Canadian Albums, and Top Internet Albums. Break Stuff went on to win the award for Best Rock Video at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst told Spin Magazine that the lyrics to the track \"Break Stuff,\" featured on the album Significant Other, are about his father."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-14T12:28:57+00:00", "title": "Obama Signs 2-Year Reality Show Contract with The Food Network", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/president-obama-signs-two-year-reality-show-contract-with-the-food-network/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Obama and The Food Network finalized a contract this week for a new reality show that will air six months after the end of Obamas term on January 20th, 2017. The show, titled Executive Order, is centered around the launch of an upscale southern-style restaurant by the same name which President Obama plans to open in February 2017 with the help of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay.\nIm a southern boy at heart, The President told CNNs Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview set to air next week. Ive always had a soft spot for southern heritage, particularly in the Deep South. They know a thing or two about hospitality and comfort food down there.\nObama, an avid chef, said hes been known to spend hours in the White House kitchen experimenting with different recipes. Ill tell my secretary, Hold my calls, cancel my meetings, Ive gotta cook, the Commander-in-Chief said with a laugh, adding that he once asked Vice President Biden to sit in on a National Security Council meeting for him so he could spend the day smoking a pork shoulder.\nOn the topic of Executive Order, President Obama said the upscale establishment offers a wide range of delectable southern-style dishes presented in a modern yet minimalist atmosphere. Catered toward the discriminating dining connoisseur, Executive Order offers a seasonal tasting menu for $175 and carries a full menu with first course options beginning at $28 and entrees at $56. Unlike my Affordable Care Act, its not meant for everyone, Obama said.\nWhile not every American can enjoy the fruits of Obamas labor, the President told Anderson Cooper that the lower class still have the opportunity to benefit. We buy all our ingredients from local farmers, the President said. Meats, poultry, produce, fruits. Its all bought locally. Its our way of saying thanks and giving back to the community.\nIn addition to a first-rate menu, Executive Order boasts a full bar serving over three thousand craft beers and select wines from around the world. We also offer our own Signature cocktail selection, Obama said. I dont want to disclose classified information, he joked, but one of my personal favorites, The Boehner, is a whiskey sour that is unlike any youve had before.\nThe Food Network will follow President Obama and his staff, made up of former presidential campaign organizers and select administration officials, from the very beginning. The show is projected to become The Food Networks highest grossing show of all time, with President Obama set to make an estimated $32 million dollars from the first season alone.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama and The Food Network finalized a contract this week for a new reality show that will air six months after the end of Obama's term."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-18T23:45:00+00:00", "title": "Kevin James to Star in 'Tommy Boy' Remake", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/kevin-james-to-star-in-tommy-boy-remake/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Kevin James has accepted the role of Tommy Callahan in an upcoming remake of the 1995 comedy Tommy Boy, the actor told Access Hollywood today. Directed by David Spade, the film is set in Sandusky, Ohio and follows the socially challenged Tommy Callahan (Kevin James) as he and his recently deceased fathers assistant, Richard Hayden (David Spade) travel cross-country in an effort to salvage the family business.\nJames, best known for his portrayal of a New Jersey mall security guard in Paul Blart: Mall Cop and Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2, auditioned for the role in February 2014. It was over a year ago. After a few months I hadnt heard anything and I figured theyd picked someone else. I had to accept it and move on with my life. I mean, what else can you do? James said.\nSpeaking with this reporter via Skype, David Spade cited a stringent audition process as the reason behind the 18-month wait but declined to elaborate. Spade, who is directing and acting in the film, discussed a visit to Ireland last fall where he personally asked Colin Farrell to accept the role of Paul, previously played by Rob Lowe. Colin is an incredible actor, Spade said. His stage presence is extraordinary. Spade added he presented Farrell with a Timex Sport Luxury wristwatch as a gift.\nFarrell told The Irish Post hes excited to work with James, Im a longtime fan of his work, the actor said.Tommy Boy is scheduled to hit theaters in December of 2016 and will be filmed exclusively in Real 3D and IMAX formats.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Kevin James has accepted the role of Tommy Callahan in an upcoming remake of the 1995 comedy 'Tommy Boy,' the actor told Access Hollywood today."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-19T13:23:47+00:00", "title": "Jamie Foxx Tells Good Morning America: 'I'm White'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/jamie-foxx-tells-good-morning-america-im-white/", "text": "TIMES SQUARE, Ny.  During an exclusive interview with George Stephanopoulos on Good Morning America, Academy Award-winning actor and producer Jamie Foxx revealed shocking new details about his personal life today. Initially appearing on GMA to promote his upcoming film Sleepless Nights, Foxx deviated from the topic, saying he wanted to discuss a personal matter. Taking a more serious tone, Foxx said, George, Im white.\nFoxx, who was born and raised in Terrell, Texas, said his real name is James Robert Moreland. Folks used to call me Jim Bob,' the actor recalled. Growing up in Terrell, I always felt like a black man living inside a white mans body. Early on, Foxx said he struggled to find suitable roles that fit his identity. Eventually, he said, I realized I was meant to act in black roles. With the help of Willie Beamen, a childhood friend and makeup artist, Foxx landed a spot on In Living Color in the early 1990s.\nIt was a defining moment for me, Foxx told Stephanopoulos. Not just as an actor but on a personal level, too. In 1998, Foxx traveled to Switzerland where he underwent transracial surgery to become an African American. Afterwards I knew Id made the right decision. Since then, the Grammy award-winning actor and rapper has enjoyed an ever successful career in the entertainment industry.\nFoxx, who won an Academy Award in 2004 for Best Actor after his stunning portrayal of Ray Charles in the movie Ray, told George Stephanopoulos what led him to come forward. I was incredibly moved by Rachel Dolezal and the courage she showed in admitting her heritage, Foxx said, adding, Shes an inspiration to the transracial community.\nFoxx told Stephanopoulos hes established a Kickstarter campaign in order to raise money to pay for a transracial operation for Rachel Dolezal, should she want it. Ive already contributed $10,000 to it, Foxx said. Stephanopoulos, visibly moved by what he described as Foxxs compassion and humility, pledged to match the African American actors contribution with a donation of his own.\nRachel Dolezal, former president of Spokane, Washingtons NAACP chapter, made headlines last week when her estranged parents publicly outed her as being white. Ms. Dolezal, who is, in fact, white, has refuted these claims, going as far as saying there is no biological proof tying her to her parents. While not of African decent, she identifies herself as black.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "During an exclusive interview on Good Morning America, Academy Award-winning actor Jamie Foxx revealed shocking new details about his personal life today."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-02T12:55:24+00:00", "title": "Shia Labeouf: 'I Was Waterboarded' While in U.S. Custody", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/shia-labeouf-i-was-waterboarded-while-in-u-s-custody/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  In an exclusive interview set to air next week with MSNBCs Brian Williams, American actor Shia LaBeouf opened up about a case of mistaken identitythat led to his detainmentandinterrogation at the hands of the U.S. government. On September 4th, 2015, the twenty-nine year-old California native was detained by authorities as he tried to board an international flight to Paris out of Los Angeles International Airport.\nThey clearly thought I was someone else, said LaBeouf, who told Brian Williams he was taken to an interrogation room in LAX where he was held for nearly four hours before being questioned by the TSA. They wanted to know about some items in my carry-on that I guess were suspicious to them. And I told them, I said, Look, Im being truthful here, I have nothing to hide, and they said, Youre not being truthful.'\nIt was then, LaBeouf said, that TSA agents left the room. Moments later they returned with two plain-clothedagents who did not identify themselves. They told me, Were taking you somewhere where we can talk, and one of them came up behind me and put a bag over my head. Thats the last thing I remember.\nSince hisrelease from custody, the Transformers starsaid heshad around a dozen sessions with alicensed hypnotist in hopes of recovering suppressed memories from his experience. Its been very painful, he told Williams, continuing, but Im able to recall bits and pieces. For example, LaBeouf said, his body is covered with dozens of unexplained bruises and lacerations. With the help of Dr. Katz, Ive been able to better understand what happened to me, LaBeouf began. I was beaten, I was waterboarded, they attached electrodes to my skin.WhenI wasnt being physically and verbally abused, they keptme in a kennel sized cage. I remember sleepingin there.\nIts still unclear exactly where Mr. LaBeouf was held during his time in U.S. custody, but according to the Frequent Locationstab on his iPhone 6, which the actor showed Mr. Williams, LaBeoufs iPhone was in Bucharest, Romania, where the CIA is known to maintain a black site, for a period of fourteen days beginning September 6th. On September 21st, the iPhone, and presumably Mr.LaBeouf,logged another nineteendays in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Thats some pretty compelling evidence,avisibly stunned Williams said.\nCiting national security concerns, the Obama administration declined a request from Real News RightNowto comment on LaBeoufs allegeddetainment andinterrogation at the hands of theU.S. government. Mr. LaBeouf, whospent a total ofthirty-eight days in custody,said hes filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the government but nonetheless believesthe answers he so desperately seeks, like so many others in U.S. custody, will never see the light of day.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an exclusive interview set to air next week with MSNBC's Brian Williams, actor Shia Labeouf opened up about a case of mistaken identity last month..."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-01T02:30:55+00:00", "title": "Kremlin: Intercepted Communications Reveal U.S. Support for ISIS", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/kremlin-intercepted-communications-reveal-u-s-providing-covert-support-to-isis/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  Russias Main Intelligence Directorate, otherwise known by its acronym GRU, has intercepted communications between U.S. intelligence assets operating in Iraq and Syria that indicate the United States is providing material and logistical support toISIS as part of a proxy war against Russia, a senior Russian intelligence official told The Moscow Times today.\nIn response to the growing threat of Islamic terrorism in the Middle East, Russia began deploying its Aerospace Forces to Syria in September where President Bashar al-Assad, one of Moscows closest allies in the region, is struggling to maintain control of Syria and prevent it from falling into the hands of violent extremists.\nWe hold a vested interest in Syrias survival, President Putin said in a televised statement Tuesday. With our commitment to ensuring security and safety for the Syrian people, we hope to continue to maintain proactive trade and strategic relations with our ally. Syrias port of Tartus hosts Russias only Mediterranean naval base, a key strategic launch-point for its nuclear-armed Black Sea Fleet.\nMoreover, Stroytransgaz, a leading oil and natural gas company, oversees the largest Russian-run operation in Syria with over eighty Russian employees working in-country. In addition to providing technical support for the Arab Gas Pipeline, the company has several ongoing projects in the region worth, in total, around $1.1 billion USD.\nPresident Putin criticized U.S. president Barack Obamas arrogant approach to diplomacy following a meeting of world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly in the United States last week where President Putin laid out Russias case for involvement in the Syrian civil war.\nDefense Minister General Sergey Shoigu, in an address to Parliament, said the United States has openly defied a request from Moscow to avoid flying its aircraft in sections of Syrian airspace where Russian forces are currently conducting joint counter-terrorism operations with the Syrian military. The U.S. continues to undermine our efforts to help bring stability to the country, said General Shoigu, while adding, Their ongoing presence in the region hinders the potential for a peaceful outcome in the foreseeable future.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MOSCOW, Ru. \u2013 Russia\u2019s Main Intelligence Directorate, otherwise known by its acronym GRU, has intercepted communications between U.S. intelligence..."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-11T07:06:21+00:00", "title": "Lockheed Martin Unveils Civilian-Legal F-35 Joint Strike Fighter", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/lockheed-martin-unveils-civilian-legal-f-35-joint-strike-fighter/", "text": "BETHESDA, Md.  Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, a Maryland-based American defense contractor, announced it has developed a civilian-friendly version of its next-generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Just in time for the holidays, the F-35 Lightning III,like its military counterpart,is capable of vertical take off and landing and can reach jaw-dropping speeds of up to 780 miles per hour.\nThe F-35 Lightning III is the perfect gift for beginners and seasons pilots alike,Lockheed Martin spokesmanEli Hockadaysaid during the aircrafts official launch party last weekend. At the cost of a luxury automobile, the F-35Lightning III is among the most advanced made-for-civilian-use aircraft on the market today, Hockaday said.\nUnlike the military version, the Lightning III does not come equipped with stealth technology or laser-guided bombs. However, fans of the next-gen Air Force stealth fighter need not worry,the F-35Lightning comes standard with a General Dynamics 25mm GAU/22A four-barrel Gatling gun embedded in its left wing. Although, in accordance with federal firearms laws, the Gatling gun is restricted to semi-automatic fire.\nNonetheless, its still a joy to shoot, said retired United Airlines pilot Earl Thomas, who penned a review of the aircraft for the December issue of Guns & Ammomagazine. With a maximum range of 3,660 meters, its an ideal choice for both hunting and home defense, said Thomas, adding he took down nine deer with the F-35s Gatling gun while maintaining a cruising speed of six hundred miles per hour.\nWith an MSRP of $65,000, the F-35 Lightning III is sure to be a hit among aviation and firearms enthusiasts for years to come. To ensure no one is left out, Lockheed even has a ten round California-compliant versionof the GAU/22A. So, whether you imagine yourself bombing an ISIS stronghold, strafing a humanitarian aid facility, or simply taking a leisurely flight up the coast, the Lightning III will exceed even the highest of expectations.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "BETHESDA, Md. - Lockheed Martin announced it has developed a civilian-friendly version of its next-generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter...."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-25T01:25:06+00:00", "title": "NORTH KOREA PUTS A MAN ON THE MOON", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/north-korea-puts-a-man-on-the-moon/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Dpr.  North Korea has put a man on the moon, the countrys National Aerospace Development Administration announced Friday morning. At precisely 2:21 p.m. [North Korean time] cosmonauts under command of Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un disembarked from their lunar module onto the surface of the moon, General Pak Yong-sik of the Korean Peoples Army told the Korean Central News Agency.\nThe historic announcement comes just days after North Korea conducted what was thought to be a routine rocket launch at its Tonghae Satellite Launching Ground in Hwadae County. The rocket, according to the NADA, contained a lunar module and two cosmonauts, and was destined for earths natural satellite, the moon. Following a momentous and successful landing, cosmonaut Jo Kyong-su proclaimed, Thats one small step for the Korean people, one giant leap for Kim Jong-un.\nGeneral Pak said the cosmonauts, who are members of an elite unit within the KPA, underwent an intense three-year training program at the National Aerospace Development Administrations headquarters in the North Hamgyong Province. Each member of the lunar team was handpicked by our glorious leader Kim Jong-un, General Pak said.\nSeveral countries, including the United States and Russia, have carried out successful satellite launches over the years, however the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea is the first country in history to put a human being on the surface of the moon. In 1969, in a move synonymous with its usual capitalist propaganda, the United States faked a lunar landing in order to undermine the Soviet Union during a period when both countries fought unsuccessfully to reach the moon.\nUpon assuming office in 2011, Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un vowed to propel North Korea into a new age of enlightenment by establishing the first ever lunar embassy on the surface of the moon by 2017. Details of the future North Korean embassy are currently classified but a source close to the Kim dynasty told Real News Right Now that the facility will be large enough to accommodate one hundred diplomats and staff and will even include a lunar political prison.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "PYONGYANG, Dpr. - North Korea has put a man on the moon, the country's National Aerospace Development Administration announced Friday morning."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-13T16:57:15+00:00", "title": "Justin Bieber Set to Take Lead Role in Fast & Furious 8", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/justin-bieber-set-to-take-lead-role-in-fast-furious-8-2/", "text": "BURBANK, Ca.  Canadian pop star Justin Bieber is reportedly in the final stages of negotiations with Legendary Pictures, a production company associated with The Fast and The Furious movie franchise. Sources involved with the franchise say Bieber will take on the role of Brian OConner, the movies lead protagonist. The role was previously held by actor Paul Walker until his tragic death in November of 2013.\nJustin Bieber has more than proved himself as an artist; now hes ready to prove himself as an actor, Biebers agent, Ken Masters told TMZ. He has an incredible stage presence which will show itself on the big screen.\nDuring a phone interview with this reporter, Vin Diesel, a Fast and Furious veteran, said when he heard Bieber was considering the role he was ecstatic. When I look at Justin, I see a young Paul Walker.\nBieber is a long time fan of the Fast and Furious movies and personally owns a wide variety of high end luxury and performance cars, including some that appear in the films. Hes perfect for this role, Masters told TMZ. He was made for it.\nDiesel echoed the agents sentiments, saying, Anyone who isnt already a fan of Justin Bieber will be a Belieber by the end of this movie.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "\"Justin Bieber has more than proved himself as an artist; now he's ready to prove himself as an actor,\" Bieber's agent, Ken Masters told TMZ."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-15T09:25:53+00:00", "title": "'El Chapo' Guzman: $5 Million in Cocaine for My Capture", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/el-chapo-guzman-offers-5-million-in-cocaine-to-anyone-who-can-find-and-capture-him/", "text": "ALMOLOYA de JUAREZ, Mx.  Mere days after his escape from the Federal Social Readaption Center No. 1, a Mexican maximum security prison, the notorious drug kingpin known as El Chapo Guzman appeared in a video posted online in which he mocked U.S. and Mexican authorities by offering a startling reward for his own capture: Five million dollars worth of uncut Colombian cocaine.\nTo anyone listening, Guzman said, if you can find me and capture me, we will deliver to you one hundred and forty kilos of the purest China White in Mexico. The one minute and thirty-seven second video, which authorities believe was shot using a cellphone, appears to be taken in a small, dimly lit room.\nJudging by the walls, youre seeing a lot of what appears to be grime, or even mud. This was most likely filmed in an underground bunker, former DEA Special Agent Edwardo Fuentez told CNNs Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room. Fuentez said the bunker could be located in some of the more remote areas of Mexicos Sierra Madre mountain range. These individuals are like rodents, they prefer to hide in the shadows, Fuentez said.\nAccording to Blitzer, who spoke with Mexican authorities early yesterday, the Mexican government has not publicly stated whether or not they have any information pertaining to Guzmans whereabouts. In situations like this one, its always possible they know more than theyre letting on, Blitzer said before glancing of camera and adding, I personally know of several people who would benefit substantially from this.\nActress Lindsey Lohan might be one of them. The twenty-nine year-old told The Hollywood Reporter today that she out-bid Jarret Stoll of the Los Angeles Kings Tuesday morning and has hired Academi, the private military contractor formerly known as Blackwater, to locate and capture Guzman. I just want to do the right thing and get these drugs off the street, Lohan said.\nHead of the ruthless Sinaloa Cartel, Guzman was serving a twenty-year and nine month sentence for a slew of charges including murder, drug trafficking, and money laundering. He was arrested in 1993 in Guatemala before being extradited to Mexico where he was placed in federal prison. Following his first escape in 2001, he was recaptured by Mexican authorities on February 22, 2014. On July 11, 2015 he escaped again, this time by way of an underground tunnel. Guzman is considered to be armed and extremely dangerous.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The notorious drug kingpin known as 'El Chapo' Guzman mocked U.S. and Mexican authorities by offering a startling reward for his own capture."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-17T10:01:47+00:00", "title": "Russia, China Threaten Military Action Against Trump Presidency", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/russia-china-threaten-military-action-against-u-s-pending-trump-presidency/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  Amid preparations for a large-scale military exercise in the Sea of Japan this month, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping announced that in the event Donald Trump takes office following the 2016 presidential election, both countries will launch a preemptive strike on the United States. Putin called the threat a humanitarian intervention on behalf of every nation and said Russia and China are prepared to act unilaterally in the face of opposition.\nSpeaking from the Rose Garden today, President Barack Obama condemned Russian and Chinese leadership over the threat while calling for increased diplomacy between the three countries. Meanwhile, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu requested an emergency meeting with the U.N. Security Council and reaffirmed Israels alliance with the United States. In the event of an attack on the United States, Israel will not hesitate to use every available asset at its disposal to secure its safety and that of its allies, the prime minister said.\nA high-ranking Russian official speaking on condition of anonymity told Al-Jazeera that neither country has ruled out the possibility of using nuclear weapons against the United States. There is a scenario calling for tactical [nuclear] strikes on coastal military installations. We are working now to identify the most lucrative targets, the official said. Russia is currently in possession of an estimated 2,500 strategic nuclear weapons, with ICBMs capable of reaching targets at a distance of 14,000 kilometers. China, respectively, holds around 250 nuclear weapons in its arsenal.\nChinese President Xi said he has instructed his nations military to begin positioning a number of its intercontinental ballistic missiles within range of major metropolitan areas along the western United States. Referring to the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Xi said, In 1945 the Japanese had to be stopped. Perhaps in 2017 the Americans will face a similar fate. The Chinese president said nuclear weapons should only be used as a deterrent but added, Sometimes terrible things must be done in the name of peace.\nAccording to a recent CNN/ORC poll, 22% of Iowan voters favor Donald Trump over other Republican presidential candidates. Trump, who is considered to have the best chance of winning the general election, is currently preferred over 3 to 1 on a number of issues including the economy, terrorism, and immigration. Dr. Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, is the second most popular GOP candidate among Iowa voters, coming in at 14%.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In the event Donald Trump takes office following the 2016 presidential election, both countries will launch a preemptive strike on the United States."}

{"published_time": "2015-08-11T11:11:42+00:00", "title": "Tragedy Strikes Syria, Virginia After Drone's GPS Malfunctions", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/tragedy-strikes-syria-virginia-after-air-force-drones-gps-targeting-systems-malfunction/", "text": "SYRIA, Va.  Residents of Syria, a small town along Virginias Old Blue Ridge Turnpike, got an unexpected taste of Obamas drone war this weekend when five U.S. Air Force MQ-9 Reaper drones experienced a network glitch that caused their GPS and targeting systems to malfunction. The drones, each carrying a full payload and preprogrammed with a mission package and targeting data, were headed to Joint Base Andrews in Prince Georges County, Maryland for deployment to the Middle East.\nMeanwhile, Ed and Maude Hackell arrived at the U.S. Post Office on Old Blue Ridge Turnpike early Saturday morning to mail a card to their eleven year-old grandson in Des Moines, Iowa. Every month we send him a little money for his college fund, Maude later told WRLH-TV, Richmonds Fox affiliate. While Maude waited in the couples Buick, Ed went into the Post Office to buy a stamp. He was only in there for a minute or two, Maude said, wiping tears from her eyes. The elderly woman described feeling overwhelming heat and seeing a blinding flash before she lost consciousness.\nWhen she came to, Maude found herself bleeding from a head wound and trapped inside her overturned Buick which had been thrown more than a hundred yards from the post office parking lot. The post office itself, along with Ed and thirteen other patrons, was completely obliterated when a 500 pound GBU-38 smart bomb, known as a JDAM or Joint Direct Attack Munition, struck the facility. At the same time, vacationers staying at the Graves Mountain Lodge, located no more than half a mile from the Post Office, were desperately searching the rubble for signs of life after at least two AGM-88 HARM tactical air-to-surface missiles hit the family owned retreat.\nWilliam Buckley, a sixty-four year-old electrician, was driving south on Route 670 towards Rose River Farm when he spotted two Reaper drones flying low over Rose River. At first sight I thought they were RC airplanes, Buckley said. But then the unimaginable happened. The drones fired a volley of AGM-114 Hellfire missiles into the farm, destroying at least a dozen structures including several cabins, and killing sixty-three people. It was death from above, Buckley said.\nIn all, one hundred and ninety-three people, seventy-eight of them children, were killed in the drone strikes Saturday. The Department of Defense declared the event a national security incident and FEMA, while preventing media access to the town, has since taken over recovery efforts.\nPentagon officials declined to comment on the incident citing national security concerns, but a defense official with knowledge of the drone program, speaking on condition of anonymity, told The Washington Post that, rather than a hardware malfunction, the tragedy may have been the result of human error. From above, the terrain is very similar to what were used to overseas, the official said, adding that many of the structures appeared run-down or dilapidated.\nLast Thursday the United States conducted its first successful drone strike against the Islamic State in Syria from the Incirlik joint air base near Adana, Turkey. Historically, only reconnaissance missions were flown out of Incirlik but earlier this month Turkey formally agreed to allow U.S. and other coalition fighter aircraft access to their bases.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Residents of Syria, Virginia got an unexpected taste of Obama's drone war when an unmanned drone's targeting systems malfunctioned this weekend."}

{"published_time": "2015-02-18T18:57:02+00:00", "title": "Islamic State Fighters Wipe Out Sinaola Cartel in N. Mexico", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/islamic-state-fighters-wipe-out-sinaola-cartel-presence-in-northern-mexico-authorities-struggle-for-control/", "text": "CHIHUAHUA, Mexico  As many as three hundred heavily armed gunmen, some bearing Islamic State insignia, stormed a compound in the northern region of Chihuahua, Mexico last week in what Mexican authorities are calling an act of terrorism. Mexican Federal Police estimate upwards of two hundred people were killed, among them women and children. At least a dozen others are reported missing.\nA journalist affiliated with Blog Del Narco, which chronicles the Mexican drug war, told the El Paso Times he witnessed six Toyota style pickup trucks, some with mounted machine guns, seal off a portion of Federal Highway 45 before occupants got out and began firing indiscriminately into traffic. The massacre lasted for a heart-pounding fifteen minutes and ended with twenty-six dead and at least sixty more who were wounded in the attack. According to one witness there were bodies everywhere.\nMexican Federal Police speculate the attack was meant to divert attention away from a larger strike that took place less than an hour later. Commissary General Mariano Lopez of the Federal Police, speaking with reporters Monday afternoon, said approximately sixty officers responded to reports of gunfire coming from a compound just two miles east of Federal Highway 45. The compound, which Mexican authorities say was a drug distribution center operated by Mexicos largest and most dangerous criminal organization, the Sinaola cartel, had been under surveillance by the military in conjunction with the countrys anti-drug efforts.\nCommissary General Lopez said during the press briefing that upon arrival police forces were met with heavy gunfire coming from inside the compound. Initially we thought these are cartel members or Los Zetas trying to kill us, he said. Federal Police sent in reinforcements including a tactical team on board two Black Hawk helicopters, one of which was shot down by what authorities believe was a shoulder-fired rocket launcher. Thirteen Federal Police Officers were killed in crash.\nIn what could be an embarrassing admission for the Federal Police, Commissary General Lopez told reporters, We were completely overwhelmed. Police were forced to retreat from the compound due to a lack of readily available resources in the area. Lopez explained that his agency is well equipped to take on drug traffickers, having received training from top law enforcement agencies in the United States, however we do not have the resources to take on well-trained foreign fighters.\nMexicos president, Enrique Pena Nieto, has requested U.S. assistance in dealing with ISIS, saying in a televised address to the country, We cannot meet this threat alone. Meanwhile, President Obama pledged to beef up security and deploy additional National Guard units to the border.\nIn Ciudad Juarez, located eight miles south of El Paso, Texas, the streets were deserted Tuesday night. Juarez is a major trafficking point for illegal drug smugglers but there were virtually no signs of a cartel presence anywhere in the city. This reporter spoke with a local business owner who asked to remain anonymous out of fear for his life. People are afraid to go out. My store has been closed for three days and we are waiting to see what the army will do. Graffiti can be seen on several buildings and overpasses throughout Juarez, in both Arabic and Spanish, warning cartel members and residents alike to join us or die.\nFederal Highway 45 intersects Cuidad Juarez before ending at the U.S.-Mexico border. The attack occurred roughly ninety miles south of Juarez.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "As many as three hundred heavily armed gunmen, some bearing Islamic State insignia, stormed a compound in the northern region of Chihuahua, Mexico last week"}
{"published_time": "2015-10-13T17:47:19+00:00", "title": "Benjamin Crump to Represent Jericho the Lion in Civil Suit", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/benjamin-crump-to-represent-jericho-the-lion-in-civil-suit-against-walter-palmer/", "text": "TALLAHASSEE, Fl.  Prominent American civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump will represent Jericho the Lion in a wrongful death lawsuit filedagainst Walter Palmer, a Minnesota dentist who shot and killed Jerichos brother Cecil while on a hunting expedition in Zimbabwe last July,Mr. Crumptold CNNs Wolf Blitzer Tuesday.\nMy client has suffered immense psychological and emotionaltrauma, not just at the hands of Mr. Palmer who savagely murdered Jerichos brother in cold blood, but also at the hands of the Zimbabwean government whorefused to seek justice for Cecil despite a thunderous outcry from the international community,Mr. Crump said. All were asking for is justice for Cecil. The world demands justice.\nThe wrongful death lawsuit, filed in Floridas 2nd Judicial Court, alleges Jericho the Lion suffered emotional and psychological trauma following the murder of his brother Cecil, who was shot multiple times with a crossbowby Mr. Palmer before being leftto die alonein the bush. Approximately forty hours later, Mr. Palmer returned and subsequently shot Cecil in the headwith a rifleprior toskinning his body and finallydecapitating him.\nJericho the Lion isseeking 18,095,000 ZWD, the equivalent of$50,000 USD, in punitive damages from Mr. Palmer. No more, no less, Mr. Crump told Wolf Blitzer. This is theamount Mr. Palmer paid so that he couldlure Cecil from his home and execute him like a dog. This man is sick, said Crump,whoaddedthat dentists have the highest suicide rate of any American profession.\nAs a high-profile civil rights attorney, Benjamin Crump, who often works pro bono, has represented a number of victims of gun violence and police brutality,including the families ofTrayvon Martinand Tamir Rice.Most recently, Rices death at the hands of Cleveland police was determined by investigators to be reasonable. The twelve year-old, who had been playing with an air pistol, was shot and killed by police within seconds of their arrival on the scene.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Prominent American civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump will represent Jericho the Lion in a wrongful death lawsuit filed against Walter Palmer"}
{"published_time": "2015-11-14T11:00:04+00:00", "title": "Obama to Officially Recognize Scottistan at United Nations", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/obama-set-to-recognize-scottistans-sovereignty-at-u-n-general-assembly/", "text": "DES MOINES, Ia.  Twenty-six year-old Scott Harrison of Urbandale, Iowa, is about to become the youngest acting memberof the United Nations Security Council. Harrison, a Grand View College sophomore and aspiring quarterback,surprised the world last week when he announced he has a W-88 thermonuclear warhead.\nThe four hundred and seventy-five kiloton warhead, which weighs just over eight hundred pounds, issituated in the living room ofHarrisons two-bedroom apartment in Urbandale, according toan International Atomic EnergyAgency officialwho had access to the complex. Mr. Harrison told Fox 17 Des Moines that he found the thermonuclear warhead underneath an overpass. It was just sitting there, he saidbefore decliningtodisclose the location of theoverpass.\nScott Harrison and his twenty-three year-old roommate Chad Manning, a Drake Universitymarketing major, declaredvia Skype last week thatthe three hundred unit apartment complexwhere the pairhave beenliving sinceearly March,is asovereign nation. At the request of the White House, Harrison permitted ateam of inspectorsfrom the IAEA to enter the country and perform of supervised inspection of the warhead. They were nice guys, Harrison told Fox 17 Des Moines during an exclusive interview Friday afternoon.\nGeorge Barnes, a forty-one year-old high school civics teacher wholives two floors above Harrison and Manning, told Fox 17 Des Moines hes excited aboutbearing witness tothe birth of a new nation. Its incredible stuff, he said, adding, Its 1776 all over again. Barnes, avocal critic of the NSAs mass surveillance program, said he believes Scott and Chad will doright by the people of Scottistan.\nHarrison and Manning appeared again via Skype Monday morning just hours after IAEA inspectorshad completed their assessmentandreturned to theUnited States. In the video, which streamed live online, Harrison and Manning appeared sitting comfortably on their living room couch.The W-88 warhead and at least fiveother residents of the apartment complex includingMr. Barnes,were visible in the background.\nAfter a brief moment of silence, Mr. Harrison declared, The people of Scottistan demandrepresentation at the United Nations Security Council. Continuing, Mr. Harrison announced that the nation of Scottistan has formally entered into a trade agreementwith Russia. Moscow later confirmed that Russian president Vladimir Putin had spoken with Scott and Chad via Skype and had dispatched an envoy to the infant nation with the intention of establishing an embassy in the housingcomplexs leasing office.\nIn a phone interview with Fox 17 Des Moines, George Barnes said hesrequested an audience withthe Scottistanian parliamenttoproposegranting citizenship to American whistleblower and former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. Ed, if youre listening, we have a vacant apartment for you on the top floor, said Barnes, who added the complex provides free Wi-Fi and trash pick up to its tenants.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama is set to address the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday to announce U.S. recognition of the sovereign nation of Scottistan."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-09T12:46:32+00:00", "title": "China Planted 11 Million RFID Chips in Products Bound for U.S.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/doj-china-planted-rfid-chips-11-million-happy-meal-toys-bound-u-s/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  If youve purchased a Happy Meal from McDonalds in the last twelve months, chances are the Chinese government is monitoring and recording your daily movements. According to the Department of Justice, Chinese intelligence agents planted an estimated fifty million radio frequency identification (RFID) chips in products bound for the United States last year.\nThese chips have the ability to track an individuals movements in real-time and transmit uninterrupted audio and  in some cases  video back to their source, U.S. attorney general Loretta Lynch said during a press briefing on Friday. Following a six-month joint investigation with the Department of State, we were able to determine the source of these chips originates at the Chinese Ministry of State Security.\nSurprisingly, China has not denied the allegations. Hong Lei, a spokesperson for the Foreign Ministry, toldThe Washington Post that China regularly inserts RFID chips into exports bound for the United States. Its standard practice, Hong said. The spokesman later added that the chips allow Chinese businesses to better analyze consumer trends overseas. Theres nothing sinister about it.\nHong said his countrys intelligence apparatus allocates approximately one hundred million RFID chips to Chinese businesses every year. The data they collect is transmitted to business owners and entrepreneurs via our [spy] satellites, Hong explained, further stating that Chinese intelligence analysts do not typically collect or review the data. Only in extreme circumstances, he said.\nU.S. officials became aware of the chips existence in mid January after an RFID chip embedded in a Chinese-made calculator emitted an electromagnetic pulse and subsequently shut down power to a maximum security prison in Maryland. As a result of the power outage, twelve inmates  all of whom were serving life sentences  escaped. All but three have been apprehended.\nIn an interview withReal News Right Now, Mr. Hong reluctantly admitted that RFID chips developed prior to 2014 were prone to error. However, Hong said China has recently released a next-generation RFID chip which contains a built-in self-destruct mechanism. The instrument initiates a small controlled explosion meant to disable the device while minimizing data loss.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "If you've purchased a Happy Meal from McDonald's in the last twelve months, chances are the Chinese government is monitoring your daily movements."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-16T00:55:53+00:00", "title": "Massive Solar Flare to Strike Earth in Three Days", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/massive-solar-flare-to-strike-earth-in-three-days/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  The National Aeronautic Space Administration detected a coronal mass ejection on the surface of the sun at 11:08 P.M. EST Tuesday night, NASAs Deputy Administrator Greta Johansen said during a press conference at 12:30 A.M. Wednesday morning. Calling it the largest in recorded history, Johansen said the ejection, a tremendous eruption of gas and magnetic energy, was immediately followed by the release of a massive solar flare. This will directly impact earth in less than seventy-two hours, Johansen said. We are facing an extinction-level event.\nNASA is working in conjunction with several foreign space agencies, including those in China and Russia, to determine the exact point of impact. Because of the sheer size of this enormous mass of energy, were dealing with an extraordinarily large impact zone ranging anywhere between four and five thousand miles, said Dr. Kenneth Parcell, who heads NASAs Space Weather Prediction Center. At this time all we know is that it will impact earth somewhere in the Northern Hemisphere approximately twenty-one hundred miles north of the Equator.\nBy NASAs own estimate, six of the earths seven continents are at risk of taking a direct hit. Solar flares have the ability to disrupt communication systems and its something that happens fairly often in our solar system, said Dr. Parcell. However, coupled with a coronal mass ejection, its a One-Two punch, its going to incinerate everything in its path.\nBoth NASA and the Russian Federal Space Agency have confirmed that the Southern Hemisphere is unlikely to sustain a direct hit but warned that regions in close proximity to the impact area face the exponential risk of earthquakes, tsunamis, and nuclear fallout. Australia, South Africa, and South Americas eastern coast are considered safe zones in that they are least likely to experience loss of life on an extinction level.\nThe White House has announced President Barack Obama will address the nation on all networks at 11:00 A.M. Eastern Standard Time.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The National Aeronautic Space Administration has detected a massive solar flare that will \"directly impact earth in less than seventy-two hours.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-12-10T08:39:22+00:00", "title": "Japan to Deploy Anti-Submarine Torpedoes in Whale Hunt", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/japan-to-deploy-anti-submarine-torpedoes-in-whale-hunt/", "text": "ANTARCTICA  Thanks to the United States, Japanese whalers will have a new tool at their disposal when they embark on a journey to hunt whales in Antarcticas Southern Ocean this week. The USS Momsen, an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer on loan from the U.S. Navy, will assist the Japanese in tracking and dispatching some 333 Minke whales in the name of scientific research, Yomiuri Shimbun, Japans largest newspaper, reported today.\nPresident Barack Obama granted Japan authorization to use the guided-missile destroyer after attending the global climate change summit in Paris, France, late last month. Mr. Obama, who is leading the charge to stem greenhouse gas emissions, pledged to help Japan significantly reducethe carbon footprint caused by a potential three-month longvoyage into the treacherous Southern Ocean.\nThe United States stands with Japan in the fight against climate change, President Obama declared Wednesday afternoon after dispatching the USS Momsen to the Southern Ocean. As Americans, no one understands the need forcontinuedscientific research more than we do. Thats why Ive asked our servicemen and women to provide logistical support to the Japanese as they embark on a mission to study the wonders of our earth.\nPresident Obama said that by making efficientuse of the USS Momsen and its available resources, Japanese whalers should be able to accomplish in as little as a week what theyd initially hoped to achieve in several months. Using state-of-the-artnaval weapons systems including the Aegis Combat System, Japanese whalers will be able to track and monitor their targets in real-time. Thanks to the Americans, were already tracking two hundred and forty-five specimens right now, said Captain Jiro Hayato of the Nisshin Maru. \nHistorically, the Japanese have used avariety of methods including harpoon guns for pacifying whales and other sea life, but thanks to the United States Navy, the ability to streamlinewhat hasbeen lookedupon asan often painstaking task is no further away than the push of a button. Using theUSS Momsens advancedtracking systems, Japanese whalers will be able tolock onto hundreds ofwhales at a timeand thenneutralize themusingboth anti-submarine torpedoesand the CWIS, a ship-mounted Gatling gun capable of firing seventy-five rounds a second.\nDespite Japans best efforts to find humane ways to euthanize the whales, several countries, including Australia, have condemned the operation. Australian Attorney General George Brandis said his country is considering sending a Customs and Border Protection Service boat to shadow and documentthe whaling operation.\nIn 1986, the International Whaling Commission imposed a ban on commercial whaling. However, Japan has since been exempt from it due to their continued efforts to conduct scientific research.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "ANTARCTICA - Thanks to the United States, Japanese whalers will have a new tool at their disposal when they embark on a journey to hunt whales..."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-15T01:21:36+00:00", "title": "Ayman al-Zawahiri's Exclusive Interview with R. Hobbus, J.D.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/ayman-al-zawahiri-tells-all-in-exclusive-interview-with-r-hobbus-j-d/", "text": "SANAA, Ye.  In an exclusive interview appearing in next months issue of Inspire Magazine, al Qaedas supreme commander, Ayman al-Zawahiri, sits down with Real News Right Now to discuss a variety of topics including his startling decision toleaveal Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for the Islamic State.\nRNRN: First of all, thanks so much for flying us all the way out here to [REDACTED] for this interview. You have a beautiful estate. \nal-Zawahiri: The organization suffered a bit after Osama disappeared. We had a brief internal power struggle that didnt receive much attention in the western media. There were some executions here and there but these things have a funny way of working themselves out.\nThe whole ordeal left me with a bitter taste in my mouth and I started questioning my role as Emir of al-Qaeda. Can you believe Ive been doing this for thirty-five years now? Lets be honest, 9/11 was a huge success but even that took us over twenty years to pull off.\nIve heard a lot of brothers say, Al-Qaeda is so 2001, and I always respond by having their families executed but, you know what? Theyre right. Al-Qaeda needs a serious makeover if its going to survive twenty-first century jihad.\nal-Zawahiri: No. [pauses to light cigarette] Im a surgeon. Organization isnt my strong suit; I have people who do that for me. Honestly I always imagined at this point in my life Id be an imam in some cushy mosque in London, sipping tea and nibbling on biscuits while occasionally selling some teenager on the idea of jihad. Not roasting like a lamb under thelight of this [REDACTED] sun.\nal-Zawahiri: See, its not an Islamic state, its The Islamic State. Lets face it, you cant compete with these guys. Theyve got high-definition videos featuring young, tanned, and chiseled Arab men riding around in pickup trucks with Kalashnikovs -beheadings and explosions going offleft and right. How do you say it in America? If you cant beat em, join em.\nal-Zawahiri: I used to tell Mohammed Atta, You ought to smile more; you always look like you just came from your mothers execution. Between you and me, his personality, or lack thereof, was key in deciding his role in the plane operation. Just get this guy outta here!, we said. [chuckles]\nal-Zawahiri:I have a veryparticular set of skills. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. [laughing] Im sorry, I said the exact same thing to al-Baghdadi during our first meeting and he hadthe same look on his face.\nBut I digress. [pauseswhile lighting cigarette]As it happens, Ill be assuming the dutiesof a brother who just the other day fell victim to American bombs. This brother wasknownto theWest as Jihadi John.And so, due to his untimely passing coupled with my extensive experience as a medical practitioner, Ive been asked to chair the Islamic States prestigious department of interrogation and execution.\nAs you can imagine, Im very excited about the opportunity to really put my skills to the test. I was telling my brother the other day -Im turning sixty-five in a few months, I said, Muhammad, if I havent severed the head of at least one American by my birthday,cancel the entirecelebration! [laughter]\nLook for the full interview complete with a five-page photo essay featuring the life and times of Doctor Ayman al-Zawahiri inthe December issue of Inspire Magazine, theone and only official publication of the Islamic holy war.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Ayman al-Zawahiri sits down with Real News Right Now to discuss his startling decision to leave al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for the Islamic State."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-01T02:07:55+00:00", "title": "RyanAir CEO Says Airline Will Charge Passengers to Use Seat Belts", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/ryanair-ceo-airline-cut-costs-overall-fares-charging-passengers-seat-belts/", "text": "DUBLIN, Ie.  In an effort to reduce costs to travelers this summer, Europes top low-budget airline announced it will offer the use of seat belts as an optional upgrade  similar to extra leg room  rather than a standard amenity. Seat belts on an airplane are a bit like screen doors on a submarine, CEO Ryan OLeary told CNNMoney. That being said, some travelers still rely on it as an illusion of safety.\nOLeary said RyanAir has already begun the process of removing seat belts from its fleet of three hundred forty-two airliners currently in service. Its a bit of a strenuous task as you might imagine, OLeary said. However, our repeat customers have come to expect the benefits of a low-cost airline and we are able to achieve that standard by eliminating some of the more unnecessary elements of air travel.\nBritish travel guru and former Virgin Atlantic pilot Liam Finn praised RyanAirs decision to phase out seat belts, calling the move a brilliant money saver. Theyre really quite useless, Finn told Sky News. For a lot of folks  particularly Americans  it can be a life or death struggle simply squeezing into them.\nAviation industry leaders say wearing a seat belt wont protect you in the event of a terrorist bombing or the aircraft suddenly losing power due to a lightning strike and nose-diving into the side of a mountain. Light turbulence is about all theyre good for, Victor Robles, assistant director of public relations for American Airlines, toldReal News Right Now.\nA spokesperson for RyanAir said the company will begin offering seat belt upgrades to its customers on June 6 with rates starting at19.99. Passengers can purchase the upgrade online or at check-in. Business class travelers will have the option to upgrade in-flight for29.99.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an effort to reduce costs to travelers this summer, Europe's top low-budget airline announced it will offer the use of seat belts as an upgrade"}
{"published_time": "2016-01-10T16:00:54+00:00", "title": "IDF: Armed Group of Scientologists in Control of al-Aqsa Mosque\u00a0", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/idf-armed-group-of-scientologists-in-control-of-al-aqsa-mosque/", "text": "JERUSALEM, Isr.  A heavily armed faction of Scientologists -many of whom are believed to be American, have taken control of the al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem and are holding an unspecified number of hostages inside, Brigader General Moti Almoz, spokesman for the Israeli Defense Forces, said during a press briefing this morning.\nThe group has barricaded themselves inside the mosque and are refusing to negotiate, Brig. Gen. Almoz said, adding that Israeli soldiers and police have exchanged sporadic gunfire with the Scientologists. We have reports they are holding between two and three hundred people but we are unable to confirm their status at this time.\nBrigadier General Almoz said one of the Scientologists, whom authorities believe to be the ringleader, issued a statement via the mosques P.A. system conveying the groups intentions. They have made clear that any attempt to enter the site will be met with deadly force, Brig. Gen. Almoz said. The IDFs spokesperson went on to say that an unidentified member of the armed faction passed a handwritten message to Israeli police that described the group as a recon team for the Galactic Confederacy.\nTheyve indicated that they intend to hold the mosque indefinitely or, at least, until the arrival of their god, Xenu, who they believe is using the mosque as a gateway to earth, Brig. Gen. Almoz said.\nScientologists worship an extraterrestrial being known as Xenu, the autocratic dictator of the Galactic Confederacy who, more than 75 million years ago, brought billions of people to earth aboard a spacecraft which, according to biblical texts, is said to resemble aDouglas DC-8 commercial airliner.\nIsraeli intelligence officials believe the group may be affiliated with a secretive order within the Church of Scientology known as Sea Org. Consisting of the churchs most dedicated members, the Sea Org has been rumored in the past to be involved in paramilitary activities and may be in possession of a small naval fleet.\nA Twitter account purportedly belonging to one of the Scientologists inside the al-Aqsa mosque tweeted early Sunday morning that the almighty Xenus arrival is upon us! May his presence purify all of mankind!\nAn American intelligence official speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly comment on the situation, told Haaretzthat the United States is assisting Israel in trying to determine the names and nationalities of those involved in the siege.\nThe al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem is considered to be among the holiest sites in Islam and sits atop the Temple Mount, an important site not only for the Muslim faith, but Christianity and Judaism, as well.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "JERUSALEM, Isr. - A heavily armed faction of Scientologists -many of whom are believed to be American, have taken control of the al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem"}
{"published_time": "2015-12-16T13:13:13+00:00", "title": "Pope Francis: The Devil Has Driven God Out of America", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/pope-francis-devil-driven-god-america/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  During a papal mass at Saint Peters Basilica on Wednesday, Pope Francis warned Christians around the world against traveling to the United States, saying American Christians have fallen out of touch with God and are under the influence of the devil. There is no shadow of a doubt the Devil has completely integrated himself into the American psyche, Pope Francis said.\nThe Pope discussed his recent trip to the United States last September, saying that while in the presence of Christians, he detected an overwhelming sense of evil in their hearts. They believe theyre doing the Lords work, Pope Francis said. But the Devil is a master of deceit. The actions and values of Christians in America are contradictory in nearly every aspect to the teachings of Jesus Christ.\nUsing Americas insatiable obsession with violence as an example, PopeFrancis said the U.S. is helping facilitate thedevils goal of establishing hell on earth. The events described in the Book ofRevelations are closer thanwe would like to think, warned the Pope, continuing, The antichrist manifests himself in many forms, not necessarily as a single entity.\nFollowing the mass, Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardiissued a travel advisory asking anyone planning a trip to the United States to exercise extreme caution andavoid prolonged contact with individuals and organizationsthat purportedly practice the Christian faith.Father Lombardi warned that individuals of all faithstraveling to the United States run the riskof causingirreversible damage to both their spiritual and moral compasses.\nPope Francis is scheduled to embark on a journey to Mexico in February of next year where he is expected to pray at the basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe, one of the most sought after Catholicpilgrimage sites in the world. Additionally, the Pope will hold an open-air mass in Ciudad Juarez, located just miles from El Paso, Texas. Due to heightened security concerns, Pope Francis will not cross the border to make an appearancein the United States.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "VATICAN CITY - During a recent papal mass, Pope Francis said American Christians have fallen out of touch with God and are under the influence of the devil."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-21T09:13:11+00:00", "title": "Pentagon: Two U.S. Navy Destroyers Missing in the Persian Gulf", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/pentagon-confirms-two-u-s-navy-destroyers-missing-persian-gulf/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Two destroyers assigned to the United States Navys Fifth Fleet have gone missing in the Persian Gulf, Commander Kevin Stephens, spokesperson for the Fifth Fleet, confirmed in a statement on Tuesday. The USS Sterett and the USS Dewey, two guided-missile destroyers tasked with conducting maritime security operations, were last seen approximately forty miles off the coast of Qatar in the Persian Gulf, the statement said.\nPentagon officials declined to provide additional information detailing the circumstances which led to the ships disappearance but a videoshot by sailors aboard an Iranian naval vessel traveling in the vicinity of U.S. forces and provided to Al Jazeera, appears to show multiple unidentifiable aircraft materialize above the U.S. fleet moments before the two destroyers vanish.\nA U.S. official with firsthand knowledge of the incident  who agreed to speak with the New York Times on condition of anonymity  confirmed the videos authenticity and described the aircraft as extremely large. The official said that the aircraft did not register on the U.S. Navys state-of-the-art radar or early warning systems.\nDuring an appearance on Sky News early Tuesday, the commander of the Iranian navy, rear-admiral Habibollah Sayyari, said that weapons systems on board his ships had suffered an unknown malfunction and were rendered inoperable during the event. The U.S. Department of Defense declined to comment on whether or not its fleet experienced similar issues.\nThe Obama administration has so far remained silent on the matter, choosing instead to share highlights from the First Familys vacation to Yosemite National Park over Fathers Day weekend. Late Monday night, in a seemingly unrelated announcement, the Pentagon quietly released a statement saying the U.S. Navys Carrier Strike Group 5  which was involved in a dual carrier training operation in the Philippine Sea  has been redirected to the Persian Gulf.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Two destroyers assigned to the United States Navy's Fifth Fleet have gone missing in the Persian Gulf, Commander Keven Stephens, spokesperson for the..."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-05T09:17:31+00:00", "title": "Aircraft Resembling MH370 Found in Warehouse Belonging to CNN", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/aircraft-resembling-mh370-found-in-warehouse-belonging-to-cnn/", "text": "CASA GRANDE, Az.  DEA agents and sheriffs deputies with the Pinal County Narcotics Task Force made a startling discovery Tuesday while serving a drug warrant that ended in a botched raid. County officials say a typo on the official search warrant lead law enforcement officers to the wrong location, a warehouse in Casa Grande, where, instead of a methamphetamine operation, they found a Boeing 777 commercial airliner and a sedan.\nUpon entering the premises, Pinal County Sheriffs deputies observed a large commercial airliner parked in the center of the warehouse, Pinal Countys Chief Investigator Adam Hutch told reporters. The aircraft in question is white, with a gray underbelly and features red and blue stripes down the middle of fuselage. Hutch said the planes tail prominentlydisplays the all-too-familiar red and blue logo of Malaysian Airlines. Additionally, its registration number, 9M-MRO, matches that of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 which is believed to have crashed in the southern Indian Ocean on March 8, 2014.\nRight now we are trying to determine the origin of this aircraft, Hutch said, adding that airliner was carrying less than a quarter tank of fuel. Public records show the warehouse in question is located on privately owned land in the outskirts of Casa Grande and has been on lease to CNN since March 6, 2014. The twenty-four hour cable news channel declined a request to comment from this reporter but Ted Turner, owner of Turner Broadcasting System Inc, the parent company of CNN, told The New York Times that he found the discovery very peculiar, and added, I have no idea why that would be there.\nDuring CNNs The Situation Room Tuesday, Wolf Blitzer was pointedly asked by a guest what his thoughts on the aircraft were. Mr. Blitzer blinked several times while staring into the camera before saying, Im sorry, could you repeat that? We seem to be having some issues with the mic. Blitzer, citing technical difficulties, began to tap on his earpiece before removing it entirely to inspect it. He began to blow on the earpiece, presumably to remove dust or hardened ear wax, as the segment cut to an unusually long commercial break.\nIn addition to the Boeing 777 commercial airliner, Pinal Countys Narcotics Task Force also discovered a black BMW 328i sedan parked in the warehouse. The vehicle was found to be registered to CNN anchor Don Lemon. Authorities said the car was empty except for a spent tear gas canister stamped Ferguson Police Department which was found under the passenger seat.\nIn a statement released by his publicist, Don Lemon said hes never even been to Arizona and accused the Pinal County Sheriffs Office of racial profiling. Lemon, who drives a Toyota Prius, went on to say he wouldnt be caught dead in a vehicle reminiscent of the Third Reich.\nEarly Wednesday morning sheriffs deputies arrested CNNs Anderson Cooper as he attempted to gain access to the warehouse which has been sealed off by law enforcement pending an investigation. Deputies say Cooper arrived at the scene via helicopter at approximately 7:15 a.m. Rather than land, Cooper, who was wearing a bulletproof Press vest and wrap-around sunglasses, rappelled to the ground from the hovering helicopter. Deputies brought Cooper down with a Taser after he attempted to place a breaching charge on a door leading into the warehouse. He later told investigators he was there to set the record straight.\nOn August 2 a piece of wreckage belonging to a Boeing 777, the same type of aircraft as MH370, washed up on an island in the Indian Ocean. The object was sent to France for further analysis but Malaysian authorities are confident the wreckage belongs to the missing MH370.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "DEA agents and sheriff's deputies with the Pinal County Narcotics Task Force may have found missing MH370 while serving a drug warrant Tuesday."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-10T14:01:27+00:00", "title": "China Receives US Debt Maintenance Payment, Purchases Greece", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/china-receives-u-s-debt-maintenance-payment-purchases-greece/", "text": "BEIJING, Cn.  The dire economic crisis in Greece reached its conclusion today after China announced it had used a recent debt maintenance payment from the United States to purchase the southeastern European country for 201.6 billion Euros, or $225 billion, thereby eliminating Greeces loan obligations to the European Central Bank.\nThe purchase brought some stability, albeit temporarily, to the countrys struggling economy today as banks reopened following a transfer of roughly 95 billion Euros from Beijing to the Greek banking system. This is only the beginning, said Chinas Premier Li Keqiang. In one months time we will hold elections to replace the current government in Athens. Li said a diplomatic envoy is en route to Greece to assist with the transition process and vet potential candidates.\nTop officials from Chinas Ministry of Commerce met with members of the European Union today to discuss the resolution of Greeks debt, which China hopes to resolve by August in time for the new elections. Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will remain in office, though only as an adviser to Chinese diplomatic officials, until July 30th, according to Li. However, the Hellenic Parliament is set to be dissolved in the coming weeks.\nVery little will change in the daily lives of the Greek people, Li said. It is not Chinas intention to occupy Greece by any means. We hope to maintain a relationship similar to our alliance with Hong Kong. The Premier said Greeks can expect high unemployment rates to plummet by late 2015 following the construction of several industrial chemical production facilities, which China will provide as a gift to the people of Greece, free of charge.\nThe United States condemned Chinas decision to purchase Greece, with President Obama calling the move a flagrant violation of international law. The United States has been at odds with China over its aggressive and, according the the U.S., illegal territorial and military expansion in the South China Sea.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "China announced it had used a recent U.S. debt maintenance payment to purchase Greece, eliminating the country's loan obligations to Europe's Central Bank."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-03T10:59:49+00:00", "title": "Pope Francis Experiencing 'Hellish' Nightmares About Ted Cruz", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/vatican-says-pope-francis-experiencing-hellish-nightmares-about-ted-cruz/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  Pope Francis has fallen victim to a string of night terrors, according to Italys second largest newspaper,Corriere della Sera. On Tuesday the publication reported that on at least three occasions last week, Vatican staff were alerted to a commotion coming from inside the Popes living chambers in the late hours of the night.\nUpon entry, staff members were aghast at the sight of the Holy See, who -drenched in sweat, was sitting upright in bed and thrashing about while babbling incoherently. On each occasion, it took several members of the Pontifical Swiss Guard to help calm the Pope down before the exact cause of his distress could be determined.\nIt would appear the Holy See is experiencing some nightmares that are quite vivid in nature, Father Federico Lombardi, the Vaticans official spokesperson, toldCorriere della Sera.The precise nature of the nightmares remains unclear, however Father Lombardi revealed a single factor that has remained constant throughout the dreams: the presence of American politician and GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz.\nFather Lombardi said the Pope indicated that in each of his dreams Mr. Cruz was in the White House and, in all likelihood, was the president of the United States. Additionally, Father Lombardi said the Pope described the earth in its entirety as being covered in a thick crust of solidified ash, as though it had been scorched in a violent conflagration.\nLittle else is known about the Popes seemingly ominous dreams but Father Lombardi said Vatican physicians are looking into the possibility that they might be the result of a change in the Popes diet or, perhaps, a vitamin deficiency.\nLast week Pope Francis was nominated along with American entrepreneur Donald Trump and Nadia Murad, a former ISIS captive and sex slave, to receive the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize. Desmond Tutu, a retired South African Bishop and Nobel Laureate, backed the Pope for his significant contributions to global understanding of sustainable development.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "VATICAN CITY - Pope Francis has fallen victim to a string of night terrors, according to Italy's second largest newspaper, Corriere della Sera."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-13T13:08:34+00:00", "title": "Kim Jong-Un Posed as Sumo Wrestler to Enter U.S. for Medical Care", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/cia-kim-jong-un-posed-japanese-sumo-wrestler-to-enter-u-s-for-medical-treatment/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  A cache of top-secret documents published by the controversial whistle-blower website Wikileaks on Monday revealed that in September of 2014, North Koreas Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un traveled in secret to the United States where, posing as a Japanese sumo wrestler, he underwent ankle surgery at one of New York Citys most prestigious hospitals.\nIn October of 2014, South Koreas National Intelligence Service reported in a briefing to lawmakers that a cyst had been found on the North Korean dictators right ankle. Intelligence analysts believed at the time that due to possible muscle or nerve damage, Kim had undergone surgery to remove the cyst at the hands of several European experts that were flown to Pyongyang.\nHowever, according to internal CIA communications obtained by Wikileaks, Kim and a small entourage, all carrying forged Japanese passports and identification papers, flew from Beijing International Airport on a direct flight to New Yorks JFK International Airport. From the moment they landed, they were under intense surveillance, a U.S. intelligence official speaking on condition of anonymity told The New York Times.\nKim Jong-un, accompanied by a handful of high-ranking North Korean officials, checked into the Plaza, a five-star luxury hotel opposite Central Park on Fifth Avenue. According to hotel records obtained byThe New York Times, Kim was registered under the name Keito Kamatsu and prior to his arrival, hotel staff were briefed on Kims fictitious status as a world-renowned sumo champion.\nWe were absolutely delighted to host Mr. Keito, Grace Baldwin, a concierge at the Plaza hotel, told theNew York Daily News. Ms. Baldwin described Kim as jovial yet reserved. He reminded her of an over-sized teddy bear, like the kind they used to sell at FAO Schwarz. Baldwin went on to say that Kim and his entourage racked up more than $26,000 in room service charges during their three-week stay. Most of it was spent on desserts, she admitted.\nHowever, splurging on lavish desserts wasnt all the autocratic dictator did while visiting the Big Apple. On September 19, 2014, Kim Jong-un checked into the New York-Presbyterian Hospital where he underwent surgery to remove the cyst on his ankle. According to a document marked TOP SECRET//SCI//NOFORN, meaning sensitive compartmentalized information that should not be viewed by foreign nationals, two members of the CIAs Special Activities Division were present and posing as hospital staff during the procedure.\nWikileaks founder Julian Assange, who reviewed the classified material in full, said its not clear what role  if any  the CIA agents might have played during Kims operation at New York-Presbyterian. Were they merely there to observe or was there a more sinister purpose behind their presence? Assange speculated as to whether the CIA may have implanted a tracking device in the North Korean leaders ankle before doctors had a chance to sew him up and send him on his way.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A cache of top secret documents published by the controversial whistle-blower website Wikileaks on Monday revealed that in September of 2014..."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-22T16:27:09+00:00", "title": "NATO to Destroy Iceberg That Killed 150,000 Penguins", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/nato-to-destroy-iceberg-that-killed-150000-penguins/", "text": "COMMONWEALTH BAY, Ata.  Amid mounting international pressure and cries for justice from animal rights groups, a panel of judges at the International Court of Justice at the Hague have ordered the destruction of an icebergthe size of Rhode Island on the grounds that it was responsible for the deaths of nearly one hundred and fifty-thousand penguins.\nDubbed BO98, the 1,120 square-mile iceberg allegedly dislodged itself from the coast of Antarctica nearly six years ago and, in doing so, separated the Adelie penguins from their natural habitat and severed their food supply. This, according to a criminal complaint filed by the rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), directly contributed to the penguins starvation and eventual death.\nThis inexcusable act of genocide mustnt go unpunished, declared Mariah Chapman, an attorney representing PETA, while speaking before the International Court on Friday. PETA acknowledged that humans were likely to blame for creating the conditions which led to the iceberg becoming unhinged but said pinpointing exactly who was responsible and exacting punishment against them would be unrealistic and time-consuming.\nRather, PETA argued, the iceberg itself should be sentenced under the same guidelines as its human counterparts who have been convicted of genocide and other crimes against humanity. Deliberate and systematic acts of murder are just as prevalent in the animal kingdom as they are in the human realm, stated Ms. Chapman, but added, However, for obvious reasons, animals are often unable to report these heinous acts.\nThe presiding judges, it seems, were inclined to agree with PETA. On Monday, the ICC found the iceberg known as BO98 guilty of genocide and other atrocities stemming from its dislocation from the arctic mainland and subsequently ordered its immediate destruction by NATO forces.\nThe United States, a founding member of NATO, has taken it upon itself to carry out the icebergs execution and announced Monday afternoon that it has deployed theUSS Momsen, a guided-missile destroyer, to the Southern Ocean. The vessels commander, Rear Admiral Martin Giancola told the Associated Pressthat the U.S. will use a combination of cruise missiles and high-explosive depth charges to destroy the iceberg. Justice will be served swiftly and without hesitation, the rear admiral promised.\nIn the meantime, PETA has called for a global moment of silence on Tuesday, March 1st, at twelve-noon (Rothera Research Station Time) in honor of the one hundred and fifty-thousand penguins who perished off the coast of Antarctica. May their memory live on, and may all who look upon them be inspired by their devotion, read a brief statement posted to PETAs official website Monday afternoon.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A panel of judges at the International Court of Justice at the Hague have ordered the destruction of an iceberg the size of Rhode Island."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-27T08:30:40+00:00", "title": "Obama: Big Changes to U.S. Foreign Policy on the Horizon", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/obama-big-changes-to-us-foreign-policy-on-the-horizon/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama, in an address to the nation today, announced that the United States will take a new stance regarding the Islamic State and U.S. foreign policy in Europe and the Middle East. As weve seen time and time again, the use of conventional methods in combating the Islamic State have yielded little progress, the president said.\nUsing unofficial back-channels, the Obama administration and the CIA have, in recent weeks, engaged in talks with ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Im pleased to announce the United States has entered into a historic agreement with Islamic State that will prevent any future attacks within our country, President Obama said.\nBeginning December 24th, in commemoration of the birth of Prophet Muhammad, our armed forces, acting on my command, will assist the Islamic State in spreading the Caliphate throughout the Middle East and western Europe, President Obama said. Ive ordered Congress to reinstate the draft and have asked our European allies to embrace the Islamic Caliphate or face a massive American-led air and ground campaign.\nSenate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Congress had authorized the reinstatement of the draft in secret last week. Effective December 1st, the Selective Service System will initiate a draft via online services to mobilize approximately eight million military-aged men and women from across the United States, thus creating the largest standing army on earth, Senator McConnell told C-SPAN.\nPentagon spokesperson Admiral David C. Weathers announced during a press conference in Washington, that if selected, draftees will have seventy-two hours to report for duty at their nearest military facility. If you attempt to dodge the draft, Admiral Weathers warned, you will be designated an enemy combatant and forfeit your rights as a citizen of this country and those entitled to you under the Geneva Conventions.\nOn the domestic front, President Obama has authorized Congress to reallocate funds meant for the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to the newly created Islamic Assimilation Agency (IAA) which will oversee the construction and operation of 1,305 state-of-the-art mosques throughout the United States. Weve elected to open a minimum of three per congressional district, the president said.\nIn addition, the House Committee on Ways and Means, the federal governments chief tax-writing committee, will institute a new 7% tax on goods and services beginning January 1, 2016. The TFAT, or Terror-Free America Tax, will give Americans the safety and security they deserve by providing economic aid and military support to the Islamic Caliphate.\nThe new changes in U.S. foreign policy come amid increasing attacks by the Islamic State in Europe, Asia, and North Africa. This is a defining moment for the United States, said DNC Communications aide Andrew Schilling. In a rare moment of bipartisanship, RNC chairman Reince Priebus told Fox News, The president has finally decided to take the necessary steps to ensure our countrys safety for generations to come.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - President Barack Obama announced that the United States will take a new stance regarding the Islamic State...."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-25T10:25:14+00:00", "title": "Cuba to Turn Over Three Remaining Warheads from '62 Missile Crisis", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/cuba-to-turn-over-three-remaining-warheads-from-62-missile-crisis/", "text": "HAVANA, Cu.  In a sign of good faith, Cuban president Raul Castro on Friday agreed to turn three Russian-made nuclear warheads that his country has possessed since the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis over to the United States. President Castro, who called the warheads a gift from Moscow, said they have been collecting dust on a launch pad aboard three long-range rockets which have been pointed at Washington, D.C. for more than four decades.\nPresident Castro said the outdated Cold War relics have served as a makeshift monument to a periodwhen tensions between the U.S. and Cuba were at an all-time high. Now, the nuclear armed missiles sit nestled among a trio of jagey trees on the outskirts of one of Havanas many schoolyards. They are like a radioactive jungle gym, joked Javiero Casteneda who serves as the groundskeeper for the secondary school where the warheads are located.\nCubas decision to turn the twenty-megaton warheads over to the U.S. is being viewed by some American lawmakers as an attempt to ease tensions between the two countries, particularly as the United States begins to consider the possibility of returning the naval base at Guantanamo Bay back over to Cuba.\nThe biggest issue on the table right now is whether the Cuban government intends to house its political prisoners alongside the current detainees at Guantanamo or if they plan to expand the facility to include a separate block all together, Air Force Brigadier General Jose Monteagudo, commander of Joint Task Force Guantanamo, told The Washington Post. Its our hope that the Cuban government will continue to show the detainees the same level of humanity afforded to them by the United States, the brigadier general said.\nPresident Barack Obama, who visited Cuba last week as the first American president to do so in nearly eighty years, called the decision to turn the warheads over a step in the right direction but said the tiny tropical nation still has a long way to go before it sheds its authoritarian roots. I believe that President Castro truly wants change, Mr. Obama said. However, the president added the process will likely unfold over time as a new generation of Cubans rises to power.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "HAVANA, Cu. \u2013 In a sign of good faith, Cuban president Raul Castro on Friday agreed to turn three Russian-made nuclear warheads that his country has possessed since the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis over to the United States. President Castro, who called the warheads \u201ca gift from Moscow,\u201d said they have been \u201ccollecting dust\u201d on \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-03-03T15:06:09+00:00", "title": "Wikileaks Documents Reveal Snowden Still on NSA Payroll", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/newly-released-wikileaks-documents-reveal-snowden-still-recieving-monthly-income-from-nsa/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  Documents released this week by whistle-blower website Wikileaks.org include a startling revelation about Edward Snowden that could threaten already shaky relations between the United States and Russia. The bundle of classified documents, reaching just over 15,000 pages, contains cables and internal documents from multiple U.S. and international intelligence agencies including the NSA and Britains MI5.\nIncluded in the files are dozens of documents linked to operation STARGAZR, a multinational task force set to defend Earth from intergalactic threats. Operation STARGAZR was first made public early last month by Real News, Right Now in an articlefeatured on this site.\nSeveral documents referencing operation STARGAZR point specifically to the existence of two unidentified satellites currently orbiting Earth. In a diplomatic cable designated TOP SECRET between a high-ranking official in South Korean military intelligence and the National Security Agency, an NSA official states attempts were made by USAF to shoot down SAT1 but failed due to highly advanced countermeasures deployed by the object.\nIt remains unclear exactly what those countermeasures were and if they resulted in any loss of life. Amid growing speculation, the Obama Administration has shown a staunch refusal to even acknowledge operation STARGAZR since the story first broke February 6.\nAlso contained in the leak are financial statements indicating former CIA system administrator Edward Snowden has been receiving monthly deposits from the National Security Agency. The deposits date back as far as May 15th, 2013, just five days before Snowden left Hawaii for Hong Kong, where he would release classified material to journalists.\nThis is not a mistake, says Retired U.S. Air Force General Buck Turgidson, who worked with the NSA from 1999 until late 2005. We have monthly transfers in the amount of $7,000, originating from a NSA front company, which typically pass through at least three financial institutions before arriving in a checking account operated by Edward Snowden.\nThe Obama Administration declined to comment on the transactions, saying it would not discuss classified material. However, General Turgidson, who helped design the PRISM program in its early stages, believes Snowden could be a double agent. I think the NSA deliberately leaked those files, Turgidson says, referring to the PRISM surveillance program, and they did so using Edward Snowden.What were seeing here is only the tip of the iceberg.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Documents released by whistle-blower website Wikileaks.org include a startling revelation about Edward Snowden."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-16T23:07:40+00:00", "title": "Nuclear Armed Russian Stealth Sub Goes Missing", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/nuclear-armed-russian-stealth-sub-goes-missing/", "text": "CRIMEA, Ua.  A Russian nuclear armed submarine stationed with the Black Sea Fleet in Crimea vanished Saturday night according to Rossiyskaya Gazeta, Moscows government-run daily news organization. The Borei-class sub is one of Russias new stealth subs, dubbed a black hole by the U.S. Navy due to the fact that it is undetectable by U.S. radar when fully submerged.\nAhmet Hakan, a high-ranking official within the Turkish government, told the BBC the Turkish navy was tracking the sub when it left the Crimean port but after passing through the Bosporus Strait and entering the Aegean Sea, it dropped off radar. The Turkish navy believes the sub may have been heading to the Mediterranean Sea, which leads to the North Atlantic Ocean.\nThe Kremlin has yet to officially comment on the subs disappearance but a member of Russias Foreign Intelligence Service, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Sky Newsforeign affairs correspondent Langdale Pike that Russia believes the stealth sub may have been hijacked by Chechen separatists.\nThe rogue sub, named the Vladimir Monomakh, is one of the most advanced submarines to date and, in terms of stealth, is far quieter than anything in the United States naval fleet. It has the capability to dive further than 1,200 feet below sea level and is reportedly carrying a payload of twenty intercontinental ballistic missiles, which can travel over 8,000 kilometers before reaching their intended targets. Each ICBM, in turn, carries ten multiple independently-targetable reentry vehicles, or MIRVs, with each warhead yielding over 150 kilotons of explosive force.\nThe disappearance of the fully armed stealth sub is a potentially large embarrassment for Russia, coming on the heels of President Putins assertion that he has the right to deploy nuclear forces in Russian territories, including Crimea.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A Russian nuclear armed submarine stationed with the Black Sea Fleet in Crimea vanished Saturday night according to Rossiyskaya Gazeta, Moscow's state news."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-11T04:47:31+00:00", "title": "U.S., NATO to Impose No-Fly Zone Over Ukraine Border", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/u-s-nato-to-impose-no-fly-zone-over-russia-ukraine-border-provide-limited-air-support/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Obama met today with NATO Secretary General Clayton M. Abernathy to finalize plans to implement a no-fly zone along the border of Ukraine and Russia. The United States and NATO, as well as other European nations, have been working toward finding a peaceful solution that would put and end to hostilities between the neighboring countries.\nRussias incursion into Ukraine, which began in February of 2014 with the annexation of Crimea, has sparked an outcry among the international community and leading human rights groups. President Obama, speaking to reporters during a press briefing last month, called on Russian President Putin to immediately cease all cross-border activities and withdraw Russian forces from the region.\nRussias actions, President Obama said, are a clear violation of international law and Ukraines sovereignty. The ongoing conflict has resulted in thousands of deaths, including those of Ukrainian civilians not involved with the conflict as well as the passengers and crew of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 which was shot down by pro-Russian separatists in July 2014.\nLate last month the United States deployed the USS George H.W. Bush Carrier Strike Group to the Black Sea where it will provide logistical and tactical support to NATO aircraft as they enforce the no-fly zone which is scheduled to take effect February 19th. The carrier group includes a fleet of unmanned Predator drones and several AWACS aircraft that will provide aerial reconnaissance to NATO forces. The commander of the strike group, Rear Admiral Helena Cain, said in a statement yesterday that drones may be used to destroy ground based missile systems that could threaten the safety of U.S. and NATO aircraft.\nNATO, whos primary role will be the enforcement of the no-fly zone, plans to deploy fighter jets from its base in Lithuania and will provide constant air cover over the 151 mile border between Russia and Ukraine, with the no-fly zone extending fifteen miles into both countries. The purpose of the no-fly zone is to act as a deterrent against continuing Russian offensive operations into Ukraine and to help facilitate a peaceful end to this conflict, said NATO Secretary General Abernathy, who added, However our pilots have been authorized to shoot down any unauthorized aircraft that refuse to vacate the restricted airspace.\nDuring a meeting with House Democrats Tuesday night, President Obama spoke briefly on the operation, calling it a humanitarian mission while adding that presently we have no plans to put American soldiers on the ground. Russian President Vladimir Putin, who strongly opposes the no-fly zone, called it an act of war and said he is working with Russian officials to impose economic sanctions on countries in the region who are providing support to the U.S. and NATO. In a show of solidarity with Russia, Iran has formerly requested an emergency meeting with the U.N. Security Council to take action against the U.S. and, as President Hassan Rouhani says, to put an end to American aggression.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Obama met today with NATO Secretary General Clayton M. Abernathy to finalize plans to implement a no-fly zone along the border of Ukraine and Russia."}
{"published_time": "2016-08-06T09:59:13+00:00", "title": "Icelandic Forces Free British Man Held for 6 Years by Arctic Cult", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/icelandic-special-forces-rescue-british-man-held-6-years-arctic-cult/", "text": "REYKJAVIK, Is.  A British man who was abducted in early 2011 while on holiday in Blackpool has been reunited with his family after five long years in captivity thanks to the valiant efforts of theVkingasveitin, or Viking Squad, Icelands elite counter-terrorism force. A specialized unit within the group known as Echo Squad, which excels at aircraft hijacking and surprise assault operations, staged a daring nighttime rescue operation last week, Icelands largest newspaper,Frttablai,reported on Friday.\nAccording to the National Commissioner of Icelandic Police, forty-eight year-old Jack Davies of Glasgow was one of five hostages held captive by a heavily armed group led by a man known only as Father Kristmas. Icelandic authorities say the cult had been living in a subterranean cave on the island of Elliaey. As stated by Davies during a post-rescue debriefing, several dozen dwarfs armed with Kalashnikov rifles stood guard while their captives were forced to work nearly twenty hours a day making toys.\nWe were kept underground and made to sleep and work in a very rudimentary workshop, Davies is quoted as saying. If we inquired about water or wanted to relieve ourselves, we were beaten. Those who tried to communicate with one another were shot without question and their bodies discarded beneath a ghastly juniper tree that appeared to be decorated with human remains. Davies went on to say that as punishment, he and other hostages were often forced to sing Christmas carols until they collapsed from exhaustion.\nThe Viking Squads official spokesperson, Chief Inspector Gunnhallur Heimirsson, said that just before sunrise on August 1, a team of twelve operatives mounted a surprise amphibious assault on the island ofElliaey in an effort to rescue Davies and four others, including two Americans. The squad members were quickly met by hostile elements who engaged them with small arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades, the chief inspector said. A ninety minute gun battle ensued, resulting in the deaths of more than seventy dwarfs, many of whom were armed with red and white striped clubs, which Icelandic operatives described as lethal candy canes.\nRegrettably, all but one of the hostages died at the hands of their captors during the operation, Heimirsson said, adding that Mr. Davies had likely been spared because, prior to the raid, he had been locked inside a toy chest as punishment for failing to assemble a childs battery-powered motorcycle. Icelandic authorities took a small number of cult members into custody, however, their charismatic leader, Father Kristmas, refused to surrender and later died in a hail of bullets.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A British man who was abducted in early 2011 while on holiday in Blackpool has been reunited with his family after five long years in captivity."}

{"published_time": "2016-03-06T13:09:10+00:00", "title": "WHO Warns Africanized Cicadas Could Reach Eastern US by June", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/who-warns-africanized-cicadas-could-reach-eastern-u-s-by-june/", "text": "CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC  Theyve been referred to as a metal storm and the black cloud of death, but what may sound to some like an extreme weather pattern is actually something much more frightening. According to the World Health Organization, a colony consisting of more than one billion Africanized cicadas is terrorizing the worlds second largest continent.\nThere are currently more than thirteen hundred different types of cicadas on earth with many species existing since at least 1558 B.C. However, according to leading entomologists working in Africa and parts of Australia, a new breed of cicadas, commonly referred to as the Africanized Cicadidae, pose a significant and imminent threat to the worlds ecosystems.\nLast month the South Sudanese government reported that a swarm of nearly four million Africanized Cicadas brought down two commercial airliners shortly after they took off from Juba Airport. Unlike other more well-known species of cicada, the Africanized species has a hardened exoskeleton that serves as a permanent suit of armor, protecting it from extreme weather and predators. According to theSouth Sudan News Agency, a dense cloud of insects flew into the jets engines causing them to explode mid-flight. In all, seven hundred and thirty-six passengers and crew perished.\nThis is not something to be taken lightly, said Dr. Jens Larsen. These are essentially fifty caliber bullets with wings. Dr. Larsen, who heads the World Health Organizations Incident Response Team, said Africanized Cicadas can travel at speeds of up to eighty-five kilometers an hour and have been known to penetrate car windshields and windows with surprising ease.\nEntire villages have been wiped out by this species of cicada, Dr. Larsen said, adding that officials initially believed many victims had been executed by anti-government forces but subsequent autopsies revealed that the Africanized insects had quite literally dive-bombed their targets, killing many of them instantly. Due to their unusually hardened exterior, this species is very capable of punching through a persons chest cavity or skull with alarming force.\nAccording to the WHO, the Africanized Cicada has killed more than 21,800 people in Sub Saharan Africa since 2015. Now, officials say, the killer insects are migrating west towards Central America. Probably the most surprising aspect about the Africanized Cicada is its unique ability to mate and reproduce mid-flight, Dr. Larsen said. This presents a serious problem in that their numbers have the potential to triple or even quadruple by the time they reach the Central American mainland.\nTo make matters worse, Africanized Cicadas have proven to be highly resilient and are immune to most pesticides and other forms of repellent. According to what weve seen, and what weve been told by the Sudan Peoples Liberation Army, direct exposure to fire is the only viable method for killing these things, Dr. Larsen explained.\nThe World Health Organization on Sunday issued a regional alert for Central America and parts of the eastern United States advising government and public health officials to make preparations for a worst-case scenario. The WHO estimates that more than four billion Africanized Cicadas are expected to descend on the continental United States as early as June of this year.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "According to the WHO, a colony consisting of more than one billion Africanized cicadas is terrorizing the world's second largest continent."}
{"published_time": "2016-05-27T10:05:06+00:00", "title": "Nine 'Gamergate' Supporters Caught Looting Cold War Nuclear Site", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/nine-gamergate-supporters-caught-looting-abandoned-cold-war-nuclear-site/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  Russias internal intelligence agency, otherwise known as the Federal Security Service (FSB), has detained nine American men that were found to be in possession of suspicious materials after they illegally gained access to a former Soviet nuclear test site in northeastern Kazakhstan.\nIt was their intention to use [the] materials to manufacture a dirty bomb, Yuri Ivanov, the ranking agent in charge of the investigation, toldThe Moscow Times on Friday. Russian authorities waited until the suspects had cleared security at Sochi International Airport and were preparing to board a direct flight to the United States before quickly moving in to secure the hazardous materials.\nIn early May, the FSB intercepted a series of communications that had been shared between two Twitter accounts located in the Midwestern United States. According to Ivanov, the cryptic messages prompted the FSB to launch an operation in conjunction with the Arystan, an anti-terror unit affiliated with the National Security Committee of the Republic of Kazakhstan, meant to monitor and track the suspects movements upon their arrival in the former Soviet republic.\nUsing cell site simulation technology, the FSB tracked the Americans to the Semipalatinsk Test Site located on the steppe in northeast Kazakhstan where they later observed the conspirators, some of whom were carrying Gieger counters, gather irradiated debris into several large backpacks.\nUnder intensive questioning by Russian intelligence agents, several of the suspects declared they were affiliated with the American Gamergatemovement and admitted they had conspired to carry out a series of high profile attacks in the United States aimed at eradicating women from the video game industry.\nThe suspects, all of whom are in their early thirties, exhibited a strong distrust toward two female FSB officers who were involved in the interrogation. They refused to even speak until they were certain the women were gone, Ivanov said, adding that a number of the American men accused their FSB interrogators of being SJWs, or social justice warriors. It was all very strange, Ivanov remarked.\nIn a show of good faith, the Russian government has since turned all but one of the suspects  who reportedly died during questioning  over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the U.S. counterpart to the FSB.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MOSCOW, Ru. - Russia's internal intelligence agency, otherwise known as the Federal Security Service (FSB), has detained nine American men that were found.."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-29T00:45:00+00:00", "title": "Vatican City Conducts 'Succcessful' Nuclear Test", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/vatican-city-conducts-successful-nuclear-test/", "text": "CHRISTMAS ISLAND  Speaking from Saint Peters Basilica this morning, Pope Francis announced the Vatican has carried out a series of successful nuclear tests off the coast of Christmas Island. Pope Francis said Vatican Citys modest army, known as the Pontifical Swiss Guard, detonated three thermonuclear warheads in a reef located one hundred miles south of the tropical island this week.\nA spokesman for the Vatican, Father Federico Lombardi, said the tests were carried out by an elite unit within the Swiss Guard and added that the Catholic Churchs stance on nuclear disarmament remains the same. The position of the Holy See is that these weapons must only be used as a deterrent against evil, Father Lombardi said.\nWith a population of 842, Vatican City is the smallest internationally recognized city-state in the world. The Pontifical Swiss Guard, a small security force made up of Swiss army personnel, serves as the de facto military of Vatican City. The entire force consists of just over 110 soldiers and is primarily responsible for protecting the Pope and the Apostolic Palace.\nThe Vaticans admission that it conducted a nuclear weapons test makes it the tenth nation to possess such weapons. As to exactly how many weapons the Vatican has in its possession, as well as where it is keeping them, remains a mystery. Vatican City is only about one hundred and nine acres, CNN Military Analyst Peter Mansoor said. Its hard to imagine theyd have room to store a warhead, let alone multiple ICBM platforms.\nIt remains unclear as to how the Vatican and the Swiss Guard were able to produce a nuclear weapon in the first place, but experts, including Mansoor, believe the city-state may have had help. They definitely had some sort of assistance. Whether it was logistical or financial or both, we may never know.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "As Vatican City conducts a series of 'successful' nuclear tests off the coast of Christmas Island, Pope Francis asks Christians around the world to practice"}
{"published_time": "2016-01-16T02:30:41+00:00", "title": "Vatican: Catholic Church to Switch to Gluten-Free Wafers", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/catholic-church-to-officially-switch-to-gluten-free-eucharist/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  Starting next week, Catholic worshipers around the world will receive a gluten-free version of the Body of Christ during the Holy Communion, Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi announced on Saturday.\nFather Lombardi said Pope Francis is set to issue an official decree later this week calling on Catholics to abstain from consuming products containing gluten on the grounds that Christ himself led a gluten-free lifestyle. There are dozens of references throughout the bible that suggest Jesus abhorred the consumption of gluten, Father Lombardi said.\nMaking an example out of Proverbs 23:2, which states that one should put a knife to your throat if you are given to gluttony, Father Lombardi said that Vatican scholars have spent more than eight years pouring over ancient texts in an effort to determine what link, if any, exists between gluttony and gluten in the biblical sense. The verdict, Father Lombardi said, is surprising. Gluttony and gluten are one in the same, he explained, adding that hundreds of translations over a span of nearly two thousand years have contributed to faulty and, often, misleading texts.\nThis discovery has left the Holy See with no choice but to conclude that the mere act of consuming gluten is in fact, a deadly sin, said Father Lombardi. The Holy See will -in the coming weeks, determine the best course of action for absolving the sins of the dead. By the Catholic Churchs own estimate, more than 400 million of its followers could have faced eternal damnation due to the improperly translated text.\nIn a memorandum posted on its official websiteand distributed worldwide on Saturday, the Vatican called on churches around the globe to place a temporary moratorium on the Sacrament of the Eucharist until gluten-free wafers can be distributed. In the meantime, the Vatican is asking that church leaders immediately locate and destroy any current inventories of the tainted sacramental bread.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "VATICAN CITY - Starting next week, Catholic worshipers around the world will receive a gluten-free version of the Body of Christ during the Holy Communion,"}
{"published_time": "2015-11-20T22:31:49+00:00", "title": "Wikileaks Releases JFK Assassination Docs on 52nd Anniversary", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/wikileaks-to-release-jfk-assassination-docs-on-52nd-anniversary/", "text": "LONDON, Eng.  Wikileaks has obtained a treasure trove of classified documents related to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, founder Julian Assange announced from the Ecuadorian Embassy Saturday.\nThe documents are said to shed light on the planning and execution of the assassination, which took place in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. When we first received these documents, they contained explosive new details, Assange told The Guardian,adding, The world will finally know the true face behind this atrocious attack.\nWikileaks provided select news organizations, includingThe Guardian andReal News Right Now,with an advanced media packet containing highlights from the classified archives.\nForged documents created by the KGB listed the assassin, a Russian national, as arriving in the United States in 1920 at the young age of fifteen. However, according to CIA documents included in the Wikileaks bundle, the assassin first arrived in the United States in 1941 where he opened a clothing alteration service in downtown Dallas.\nPrior to his arrival in the U.S., the individual, who is identified frequently by name throughout the classified documents, was among the top KGB operatives in the Soviet Union at the time. Proficient in several languages, he was able to assimilate himself into American culture and had keen knowledge of advanced engineering techniques.\nUtilizing that knowledge, the assassin was able to modify an 8mm Bell & Howell Zoomatic Director Series Model 414-PD camera to fire a 6.5x52mm bullet, the same type of round that killed JFK, while still being able to record video. Following proof of death, the assassin received a payment of $1 million, the equivalent of $7.8 million by todays standards, from the Soviet government.\nReal News Right Now reached out to Russian and United States government officials regarding both the leaked documents and the JFK assassination, however both nations declined to comment.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Wikileaks has obtained a \"treasure trove\" of classified documents related to the JFK assassination, founder Julian Assange told The Guardian..."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-20T13:50:57+00:00", "title": "Pho #1,000,000 to Open in Times Square", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/pho-1000000-to-open-in-times-square/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Doctor YahyaKasturi, world-renownedchef, philanthropist, and internationally recognized creator of the Pho restaurantchain, is opening his one millionth location in Times Square next month. Doctor Kasturiopened Pho #1 in Catonsville, Maryland over two decades ago and has sincededicated his life tospreading Vietnamese cuisine around the world.\nWith such exotic locations as Pho #376, which opened in 2005 next to the McMurdoStation, a U.S. Antarctic research center on Ross Island, Antarctica and Pho #22,891 situated outside the Chernobyl Tourism and Information Center in central Ukraine, Dr. Kasturi, or simply Dr. Pho, as his many friends and admirers affectionately call him, says he is close to achieving culinary world-domination.\nThis reporter was cordiallyinvited to meet with Dr. Pho at his modest 110,000 square foot residence, nestled comfortably at the foot of the Marble Mountains in Vietnams De NangProvince, to discuss the grand opening of his one millionth restaurant. Over what is perhaps Dr. Phos most famous dish, Number 13, the humble doctor said, Vietnamese food, I believe, is the Fountain of Youth. This is why the Americans came in 1954; and this is why they continue to come as tourists now.\nDr. Pho said he will personally prepare the first twenty-five dishes for patrons during Pho #1,000,000s opening night in Times Square. After which, Dr. Pho will immediately leave for JFK International Airport andboard his personal jetto embark on a much-neededvacation with his loving wife and children to the white sand beaches of Belize, where they will sip PinaColadas while feasting on exquisite dishes from Pho #192,003.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Doctor Yahya Kasturi, the internationally recognized creator of the Pho restaurant chain, is opening his one millionth location in Times Square next month."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-05T08:00:15+00:00", "title": "Fate of Dozens Uncertain as Egyptian Military Continues Blockade of Giza Pyramid Complex - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/fate-of-dozens-uncertain-as-egyptian-military-continues-blockade-of-giza-pyramid-complex/", "text": "CAIRO, Eg.  President Barack Obama and other world leaders called on the Egyptian government on Tuesday to release nearly three dozen archaeologists, including six Americans, who have been trapped inside the Great Pyramid of Giza  the oldest and largest of Egypts pyramids  since Saturday.\nThe United States calls upon the Egyptian government to immediately end its blockade of the Giza pyramid complex in Cairo and release the thirty-two individuals who remain trapped inside, President Obama said in a statement on Tuesday. I stand firm in my commitment to bring our citizens home so that they may be reunited with their families as soon as possible, the president added.\nCairo remained under a government imposed media blackout Tuesday night as tanks and armored personnel carriers rumbled through the streets of Egypts bustling capital city on their way to the Giza pyramid complex. Egyptian Ground Forces were dispatched to the Great Pyramid Saturday morning after reports that an unspecified incident had occurred within a recently discovered chamberlocated on the eastern side of the ancient structure.\nShortly before the media blackout, Egypts Minister of Defence and Military Production toldThe Guardianthat a small contingent of soldiers had entered the Giza Pyramid while a larger force secured the perimeter. The soldiers who entered the Khufu pyramid are currently unaccounted for, General Sedki Sobhi reported on Saturday. Radio contact was lost almost immediately, the general said, adding that intense shooting could be heard coming from inside the pyramid directly following the militarys loss of communications.\nAn unidentified Egyptian soldier toldAl Jazeerathata series of explosions, which were believed to have come from within the pyramid, preceded what sounded like a jet engine starting up; then a white  or bluish  light seemed to come out of Khufu [the Great Pyramid] and envelop everything.The soldiersaid he and other members of his unit experienced difficulty recalling the events for a short time after they had occurred.Hisaccount waslater corroborated by several other witnesses including two British citizens and an American journalist.\nImmediately following the event, Egyptian Ground Forces moved to seal off access both in and out of the Great Pyramid by detonating explosive charges at its entrances. Hours later the Egyptian Ministry of Defence reportedly deployed additional ground and air units to Cairo and imposed martial law and a blackout on internet and cellular services for the capital city.\nAmid Tuesdays calls by world leaders for a swift end to the crisis, no new information had surfaced regarding the fate of the soldiers and scientists alike who  since Saturday  have been trapped inside the Great Pyramid, likely with little food or water.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CAIRO, Eg. \u2013 President Barack Obama and other world leaders called on the Egyptian government on Tuesday to release nearly three dozen archaeologists, including six Americans, who have been trapped inside the Great Pyramid of Giza \u2013 the oldest and largest of Egypt\u2019s pyramids \u2013 since Saturday. \u201cThe United States calls upon the Egyptian government \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-24T00:00:52+00:00", "title": "Syrian President Bashar al-Assad Legalizes Same-Sex Marriage", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/syria-legalizes-same-sex-marriage/", "text": "DAMASCUS, Sy. Syrian president Bashar al-Assad issued a decree Thursday legalizing same-sex marriage in his war-torncountry, effectively making Syria the first nation in the Middle East to officially grant recognition to the LGBT community. Al-Assad said he has directed the military to enforce the peoples right to same-sex marriage by any means possible and in a display of power, ordered the public executions of some fifty imams who were said to be opponents of marriage equality.\nMeanwhile, Mohammed Hadad and Sabeen Salib, the first Syrians to be married under the new law,walked hand-in-handthrough the courtyard of the Umayyad Mosque in Damascus. This is a special day, not just for us but for all Syrians, Salib later told AlJazeera. It is a great honor to be wedat Umayyad, he added. The UmayyadMosque is considered by many to be the fourth-holiest site in Islam.\nSince the start of the Syrian civil war in March of 2011, an estimated 9 million Syrians have fled their homesto escape violence and persecution. Nearly 50% of the displaced refugees have left Syria entirely, seeking refuge in neighboring countries as well as the Eurpoean Union and the United States.\nSyrias Information Minister, Dr. Omran Ahed al-Zoubi, told the Syrian Arab News Agency he expects many refugees will return now that same-sex marriage is legal in his country. Syria is a beautiful country with a rich culture, Ahed al-Zoubi said. The people will return; you will even seenon-Syriansbegin to flock here.\nThis is a big step for Syria in terms of human rights, said Carson Hess, an attorney with Human Rights Watch. Itll be interesting to see if other countries in the region follow suit.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Amid Syrian's ongoing turmoil, president Bashar al-Assad issued a historic decree Thursday that legalizes same-sex marriage the war-torn country"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-03T19:32:30+00:00", "title": "President Rouhani: Iran Already Has Nukes", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/president-rouhani-iran-already-has-nukes/", "text": "TEHRAN, Ir.  Iranian President Hassan Rouhaniannounced today that his countrys military is currently in possession of a small number of nuclear weapons. Rouhani made the statement during a press conference in response to a reporter who asked whether or not the Iran nuclear deal would bring increased risk to the region. The president further stated that Iran has no plans to use the weapons against Israel for at least five years.\nIran is committed to enriching the lives of its people through the use of nuclear power, Rouhanisaid. When asked exactly how many nuclear weapons Iran is in control of, Rouhani said he believed there to be more than five but less than ten in the militarys possession. The president reaffirmed Irans devotion to the destruction of Israel but said the needs of Iran must come before the needs of the region.\nThis negates every single argument raised thus far against the deal with Iran, said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry who, on Wednesday, sent a letter to U.S. lawmakers assuring them that Americas allies in the Persian Gulf would be taken care of, in the form of economic aid packages, following the deal.\nRouhanidispelled fears held by many in the United States that with the passing of the nuclear deal, Iran could have the means to create a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the U.S. within a few years. We already have the bombs, he said. But what do we have to gain by attacking the Americans? Rouhani said the only offensive military action the world can expect from Iran in the next five to seven years is a series of surgical strikes on Israeli air defenses.\nIsraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who strongly opposes the Iran nuclear deal, said he has already ordered the Israeli Defense Forces to relocate their air defense capabilities to the Gaza Strip and West Bank in anticipation of an Iranian attack.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Iranian President Hassan Rouhani announced today that his country's military is currently in possession of a small number of nuclear weapons."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-14T12:55:27+00:00", "title": "Google Drone Shot Down Over Northern Syria", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/google-drone-shot-down-over-northern-syria/", "text": "ALEPPO, Sy.  United States special operations forces have successfully recovered an unmanned aerial drone that was believed to be shot down by Russian-backed forces over northern Syria last week, Pentagon spokesperson Admiral John Kirby said during a press briefing in Washington on Monday.\nDefense officials declined to specify whether or not the drone was armed but described it as an Air Force reconnaissance drone. However, multiple eye witnesses, including two members of the International Committee of the Red Cross who witnessed the crash, told the Associated Pressthat they believed the drone was likely privately owned and stated that it bore a solid black Googlelogo on its upper fuselage.\nWe thought at first it was a military drone, Martin Nilsen, a monitoring consultant with the Red Cross, told the AP. Nilsen and his team were on their way to a conference when they caught sight of the drone just moments before it crashed near the Aleppo Railway Station. As we approached it, the first thing I noticed was that it had been utilizing some sort of cloaking device, Nilsen said. Because of the crash, it seemed to be malfunctioning but there were sporadic flickers where one second you would see the craft and the next second you wouldnt.\nCloaking devices, which render an individual or an object invisible to the naked eye, have been, until now, strictly a theoretical concept. The most advanced stealth technology available today belongs to the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, said Dr. Norman Benning, a contributing writer forPopular Mechanicsmagazine. Cloaking and invisibility devices are the stuff of science fiction; they arent yet a reality and likely wont be in our lifetime.\nDespite video footage of the downed Google drone, which has been provided to theAssociated Pressand other news agencies by Nilsen and his team, the U.S. Department of Defense maintains that the aircraft was, in fact, an Air Force reconnaissance drone tasked with mapping the city of Aleppo. Google, for its part, has not commented on the incident.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "United States special forces have successfully recovered an unmanned aerial drone that was believed to be shot down over northern Syria last week."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-08T01:28:36+00:00", "title": "Pope Francis Warns of 'Hellfire From Above'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/pope-francis-warns-of-hellfire-from-above-ahead-of-u-s-visit/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  During a sermon at Saint Peters Square on Sunday, Pope Francis spoke of a forthcoming event in which the earth will be consumed by hellfire from above and asked Christians around the world to absolve themselves of sin in the days and weeks ahead.\nIn a statement released by the Vatican Tuesday morning, Pope Francis, who is scheduled to arrive in the United States on September 22nd, announced that he has been visited on three occasions by heavenly beings who, most recently, have warned of an impending crisis that could have dire consequences for life on earth.\nThe Pope is set to attend a meeting of the UN General Assembly on September 25th, at the United Nations building in New York where he will confer with world leaders, including President Barack Obama and Russian president Vladimir Putin, to discuss defensive options.\nOn Tuesday morning NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg confirmed that he has made arrangements to attend the General Assembly. I spoke with the Holy See and [UN] Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon via video conference Sunday evening, Stoltenberg told the Associated Press. NATO is working closely with our counterparts around the globe to explore every viable recourse available.\nDetails surrounding the Vaticans extraterrestrial visitors are sparse but a British military intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the situation, told The Guardian that the entities were described as peaceful by nature. However, the official said, their stance on the matter was passive in that they maintain a policy of neutrality in regards to interplanetary action by other-worldly forces.\nPope Francis is scheduled to attend a private meeting with President Obama at the White House on the morning of September 23rd. The Pope will visit three cities, including Washington, D.C., during his six-day visit to the United States. He is expected to address a number of topics including same-sex marriage and immigration.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Pope Francis spoke recently of a \"forthcoming event in which the earth will be consumed by hellfire from above.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-06-29T06:30:32+00:00", "title": "Following Coup, Obama Assumes Control of Pyongyang", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/following-coup-president-obama-assumes-control-of-pyongyang/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Prk.  In the hours following the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who was shot and killed on June 18th by an unknown assassin, the Department of Defense, under orders from President Barack Obama, deployed an unspecified number of U.S. Navy SEALs and other special operations forces to Pyongyang with orders to take out the remaining North Korean leadership and secure the countrys nuclear facilities.\nOn June 20th, United States special operations forces, acting on my command, took control of eighteen nuclear facilities inside North Korea, President Obama told the nation and the world during a televised address today. Simultaneously, a second operation was carried out to eliminate top-tier government and military officials in Pyongyang. The Americans who took part in these operations exhibited extraordinary courage and capability. No Americans were harmed. They took great care to avoid civilian casualties.\nThe Department of Defense has yet to comment on the specifics of the mission but a Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity, told this reporter that the two-pronged operation was spearheaded by the Joint Special Operations Command and supported by three carrier strike groups in the Sea of Japan and the Korea Bay, a northern extension of the Yellow Sea.\nPresident Obama, flying aboard Air Force One, landed at Pyongyang Sunan International Airport in North Korea Saturday morning and was promptly whisked away to the capital city in an armored U.S. military convoy supported by helicopter gunships. The president arrived at the heavily fortified Ryongsong Residence in northern Pyongyang, the main residential compound of the late North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.\nIn a live radio and television broadcast, President Obama, flanked by masked members of JSOC, declared himself Supreme Leader of North Korea, telling the Korean people, America forgives you. President Obama said the time for democracy is now and asked North Koreans to exercise patience during the transition period.\nWhite House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters today that Vice President Biden will assume the presidents duties while hes in Pyongyang. President Obama will split his time evenly between Washington and Pyongyang for the remainder of his term. However, the president wishes to express that his number one priority is, and always will be, America.\nPress Secretary Earnest said, following the end of his presidency, Mr. Obama and his family will take up permanent residence in Pyongyang where, backed by a strong U.S. military presence, he will usher North Korea into a new age. When asked by this reporter about the possibility of reuniting the two Koreas, Earnest said reunification with the South is something President Obama will take into consideration.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters today that Vice President Biden will assume the president's duties while he's in Pyongyang."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-11T03:45:26+00:00", "title": "DOJ: Doctors Without Borders Explosion Caused by Gas Leak", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/doj-doctors-without-borders-explosion-caused-by-gas-leak/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. TheU.S. Department of Justice announcedThursdaythatit has concluded its investigation into the cause of the explosion at a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders in Kunduz, Afghanistanlast Saturdaywhich lefttwelve staff members andten patients includingthree children dead.\nInitial reports suggested the explosion may have been caused by a U.S. airstrike but new evidence compiled during a rigorous three-day investigation by the DOJ points to adefective gas line located underneath the main central hospital building. This was a clear case of faulty wiring, said Paul Brazzel,the chiefinvestigator assigned to the DOJ inquiry. Brazzeladded that decades ofconflicthave greatly contributed toAfghanistans failing infrastructure.\nUsing satellite imagery provided by General John Campbell, the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan, Justice Department investigators were able to pinpoint the exact location where the gas leak and subsequent structure fire originated. This tragedy could have easily beenavoided with routine preventativemaintenance, Brazzel said.\nThe DOJ has not explicitlynamed Doctors Without Borders as the party responsible for the incident but said the charity organization, also known as Medecinssans Frontieres (MSF), was the sole proprietor of the hospital andas such, wasresponsible for its upkeep.\nMeanwhile, Doctors Without Borders is calling for an independent and transparent investigationintowhat lead to the deaths of twenty-two people, some of whom were burned alive in their hospital beds, on Saturday. As of Thursday, twenty-four staff members and nine patients were still unaccounted for.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The U.S. DOJ announced Thursday it has concluded its investigation into the cause of the explosion at a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Afghanistan."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-06T03:50:39+00:00", "title": "Pope Francis to Attend Belgium's 2016 Tomorrowland Music Festival", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/pope-francis-to-attend-2016-tomorrowland-music-festival-in-belgium/", "text": "BOOM, Be.  Pope Francis and a small delegation from the Vatican will attend the upcoming 2016 Tomorrowland music festival in Belgium,theDirector of theHoly See Press Office, Father Federico Lombardi,announced Friday. His Holiness will be in attendance along with CardinalSandri of Argentina and Archbishop Andr-Joseph Lonard of Mechelen-Brussels, Father Lombardi said.\nHeldannually in Belgium and Brazil, Tomorrowland issaid to betheworlds largest electronic dancemusic festival andboasts a wide variety ofnotable performers including David Guetta, Swedish House Mafia, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike,Skrillex, and Fatboy Slim. Set in the small Belgian town of Boom,thirty-two kilometers north of Brussels,thethree-dayfestival has been known to draw in upwards of four hundred thousand attendees.\nThe Vatican hasreserved a small plot of land on the outskirts ofthe festival groundswhere a large tent, complete with electricity,running water, and internet access, will house Pope Francis, his entourage, and a smallsecurity force made up of the Pontifical Swiss Guard. ThePope hasexpressed adesire to immerse himself in the festival,Father Lombardi said, adding, His Holinessunderstandsthepositive effect music has on young people. He wishesto use this experiencenot only to spread theWord of God, but to interacton a personal level with the youth of today andpromote a message ofpeace, love, and unity.\nWorking in conjunction with the Vatican,ID&T, a Dutch entertainment enterprise and Tomorrowlands chief organizer, announced ithas secured a spot for Pope Francis among the official 2016 lineup which, ID&T said,has yet to be disclosed in its entirety. We are pleased toannounce that in addition tothe regular musical acts appearing atthe 2016 installment of Tomorrowland,Pope Francis will celebrate aspecial EDM-stylemidnight mass on the main stage, Emma Van Dijk, a spokesperson for ID&T, said Thursday.\nBranded by both the Vatican and ID&T as the most unique and visually stunningreligious experience of its kind, the ninety minute mass, presented in Latin by Pope Francis, willinclude a synchronized visual and musical production performedby Tomorrowland veterans Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike. Pope Francis and the Vatican have pulled out all the stops to make this as distinct and unforgettable as one can possiblyimagine, Van Dijk said, adding that production costs for the mass alone, which the Vaticanhas said it will payin full,are likely to surpass 3.5 million EUR, the equivalent of roughly$3.8 million USD.\nTickets for Tomorrowland 2016 will be available through a number of online ticket outlets including festicket.com. The exact dates of theeventhave yet to be announced but organizers speculate 2016 is likely to see the largest turnout in the festivals history.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Pope Francis and a small delegation from the Vatican will attend the upcoming 2016 Tomorrowland music festival in Belgium, the Vatican announced Friday."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-22T11:22:47+00:00", "title": "NSA Acquires Verizon Wireless for $9 Billion", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/nsa-acquires-verizon-wireless-for-9-billion-announces-reduced-monthly-plans/", "text": "FORT MEADE, Md.  The National Security Agency announced it has purchased Verizon Wireless, a major telecommunications provider and subsidiary of Verizon Communications, for $9 billion. The acquisition effectively brings with it some 135.5 million customers, making it one of the largest state-owned enterprises in the United States.\nIn a statement released by the NSA Friday afternoon, Director Michael S. Rogers said Verizon Wireless customers will notice little to no change in service during the transition period. However, Director Rogers added, current and future customers can look forward to exciting and affordable wireless plans as well as increased 4G coverage. By utilizing an array of satellites already in use by the NSA, Verizon Wireless will expand its reach and coverage to include areas outside the continental United States, Rogers said.\nBeginning September 1st, Verizon Wireless will offer smart phoneplans starting at as little as $25 a month. In addition, all wireless plans will include up to 1 terabyte of cloud storage and unlimited long distance calls on nights and weekends. For just $2 more a month, customers can enjoy unlimited international calls to Africa and the Middle East, said Jacob Hersch, the newly appointedSenior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Verizon Wireless. Hersch, who has prior experience in telecommunications, previously directed the NSAs now-defunct domestic surveillance program.\nDirector Rogers said the NSA is in the process of transferringits newly acquiredVerizon Wireless servers, which include customer information and records, to its Utah Data Center. Located just outside Bluffdale at Camp Williams, the center primarily serves as a data storage facility for the U.S. Intelligence Community.\nVerizon Wireless is ranked first in overall performance among the top four major wireless providers in the United States, which include AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. The NSA plans to maintain its position by expanding cellular and data coverage beyond the United States. You dont need to be American to enjoy 4G speeds or higher, said Director Rogers. You just need to be a Verizon Wireless customer.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The NSA announced it has purchased Verizon Wireless, a major telecommunications provider and subsidiary of Verizon Communications, for $9 billion."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-04T16:21:02+00:00", "title": "Wayne LaPierre to Prove 'Guns Don't Kill' by Eating Firearm", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/wayne-lapierre-to-prove-guns-dont-kill-by-eating-firearm/", "text": "FAIRFAX, Va.  In an effort to prove correct its well-known mantra that guns dont kill people,the NRAs executive vice president, Wayne LaPierre, will eat a Glock 19 semi-automatic pistol at an upcoming fundraiser this month, a spokesperson for the National Rifle Association announced Wednesday.\nMr. LaPierre is undergoing a rigorous physical training program in anticipation of this event, spokesperson Jackson Leadbetter said during a press conference at NRA headquarters. Leadbetter said Mr. LaPierre originally insisted onconsuming an AR-15assault riflebut due to time constraints, he settled for a smaller weapon.\nRegardless of the size, Leadbetter said, The point is to show that firearms are not responsible for causing death. Short of bludgeoning someone, I dare the liberal media to show me one instance in the last two hundred years where someone was killed by a firearm. Its an inanimate object incapable of rational thought. It cant drive a car. It cant reproduce. How, then, can you say, with any shred of credibility, that it can take a life?\nThe NRA is currently lobbying Congress to block legislationthat would prevent suspected terrorists from legally purchasing firearms. It doesnt matter if youre black, white, yellow, or purple. If you identify with the Republican party, the Democratic party, the Ku Klux Klan, the Muslim Brotherhood; it doesnt matter. If youre an American citizen, then by God, its your inalienable right to own a gun, Leadbetter declared.\nWhen asked by Real News Right Now as to whether the NRA thought the act of eating an actual firearm was practical, Mr. Leadbetter lambasted the media, saying, Practicality isnt a term liberals understand. Thankfully we dont need to have Vice President Lapierre eat another human being to prove people kill people; thats just common sense.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "FAIRFAX, Va. - In an effort to prove correct its well-known mantra that guns don't kill people, the NRA's executive VP Wayne LaPierre, will eat a Glock 19.."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-21T11:21:25+00:00", "title": "Ole Miss Unrest Intensifies as National Guard Deployed", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/ole-miss-unrest-intensifies-as-national-guard-deployed/", "text": "UNIVERSITY, Ms.  As of Saturday afternoon, the University of Mississippis Chancellor, Morris Stocks, has refused to honor several demands made by a small but militant group of African-American students. Administration officials reported that the rogue group stormed the Lyceum building Wednesday evening as part of a protest over equal rights.\nThe students, led by Ole Miss junior Tyrese Williams, rushed the administration building just after sundown on Wednesday and barred the exits before taking a number of hostages. One of those hostages, Dr. Donald Cole, Assistant Provost and Assistant to the Chancellor Concerning Minority Affairs, announced Thursday morning that after reviewing the students demands, hes elected to join their cause. All these kids are asking for is equal treatment, Dr. Cole told CNN.\nDr. Cole, the students official spokesman, said hed delivered by way of courier, a handwritten list of demands to the schools chancellor Friday morning. The twenty-point list, obtained by CNN, asks for, among other things, a zero-tolerance policy on racial, sexual, and homophobic epithets.\nIts just not the right time, the Chancellor said in a statement released by the university Friday evening. We dont currently have the resources available to implement additional policies, particularly for the appeasement of a handful of radicalized hooligans.\nMeanwhile, at the request of university officials and the mayor of Oxford, Mississippi governor Phil Bryant has mobilized and deployed five thousand soldiers from the National Guard to the University of Mississippis campus. We intend to quell this insurgency in time for classes to resume Monday morning, said Colonel Mark Hitson of the 155th Armored Brigade Combat Team, speaking with CNNs Anderson Cooper. Colonel Hitsons unit served three tours in Iraq, most recently in 2009.\nAt least sixteen fatalities were reported Saturday morning as heavily armed National Guardsmen supported by reconnaissance drones and helicopter gunships, performed building-by-building searches of dormitories on and off campus.\nColonel Hitson said his troops are in the process of rounding up suspected conspirators and sympathizers. As of Friday, approximately fourteen hundred students, administrators, and staff had been placed in an internment-style camp set up by the Mississippi National Guard at Vaught-Hemmingway stadium, home of the Ole Miss Rebels football team.\nU.S. special operations forces working in the vicinity have identified a number of high-value targets inside the Lyceum building in preparation for the National Guards final assault on Sunday, Colonel Hitson said. Code-named Dixie Stampede, the operation is meant to eliminate the remaining threat to campus security by any means necessary. Hostage rescue, according to Hitson, is a secondary objective but not a priority. This is ending one way or another, Colonel Hitson said, and were dictating that.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The students, led by Ole Miss junior Tyrese Williams, rushed the administration building just after sundown on Wednesday and barred the exits..."}

{"published_time": "2015-02-20T19:53:08+00:00", "title": "Two Christians, Muslim Reunite Lost Dog with Atheist Family", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/two-christians-muslim-reunite-lost-dog-with-atheist-family/", "text": "ROANOKE, Va.  Lucy and Ian West, who are both atheists, have spent the last two years grieving over their beloved Cocker Spaniel, Dougie, who they thought was lost forever. We feared the worst, Ian West told Fox 21 Roanoke, He was a great dog, very well trained, but he loved to explore.\nThe Wests, who own and operate a local moving company, said they came home one night to find the back gate open and Dougie gone. Thinking back, its possible I forgot to lock it after taking the trash out, or the wind might have blown it open, Lucy West said. We put up flyers around the neighborhood; we were checking shelters for months. We didnt want to give up.\nLast week the Wests received good news. A voice message was left on their home answering machine from Victoria Watts, a student at Virginia Commonwealth University. Watts, who is a Christian, had been hiking along the James River with two friends, fellow Christian Tammy Hargrave and Abdul Qamar, a Muslim, when they came across a stray dog. He looked pretty healthy and we thought maybe hed just lost his owners, so we started asking around, Watts told Fox 21, But he didnt belong to anybody.\nIt wasnt until Abdul checked the dogs collar that the trio realized he wasnt even from Richmond. We were shocked when we looked at his tag and it said he was from Roanoke. I said, Dougie, you are a long way from home boy!' Abdul recalled. Watts called the telephone number on Dougies tag and left a message with the Wests, who returned her call several hours later. I was practically crying, I was so happy, Lucy West said. We immediately jumped in the car and drove to Richmond. We didnt care that it was ten oclock at night.\nThe Wests arent the only ones celebrating Dougies return. Hes a big hit around the block, said neighbor Meryl Silverburgh, a Jew. All the kids love him.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Watts, who is a Christian, had been hiking along the James River with two friends, fellow Christian Tammy Hargrave and Abdul Qamar, a Muslim."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-29T13:55:03+00:00", "title": "Armed Citizen Hailed a Hero for Stopping Mass Shooter, Three Dead", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/armed-citizen-hailed-hero-stopping-mass-shooter-three-dead/", "text": "NORFOLK, Va.  A Virginia man is being hailed a hero after he single-handedly prevented a would-be mass shooter from potentially taking the lives of dozens of shoppers at the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk on Friday.\nThirty-four year-old Nicholas Bell  a native of the Hampton Roads area  had just finished eating lunch at California Pizza Kitchen and was on his way to his car when he encountered a man dressed in military fatigues brandishing a semi-automatic AR-15-style assault rifle. Bell, who is licensed to carry a concealed weapon in the Commonwealth of Virginia, quickly drew his .45 caliber Glock pistol and fired nine rounds, striking and instantly killing the gunman and two nearby shoppers.\nNorfolk police say that if it werent for Bells quick thinking in the face of immediate danger, far more people may have lost their lives. We could very likely have a mass casualty situation on our hands, Detective Bryce Lewis told 13News Now, a local ABC affiliate. Mr. Bell is a hero in the truest sense, Detective Lewis concluded.\nBell later told 13News Now that he earned his licence to carry a concealed handgun after successfully completing an online training course just two weeks ago. Best thirty-five bucks I ever spent, Bell remarked. The former high school track star said that until Friday, he had never fired a gun in his life. Heck, I just bought this thing last weekend, he told 13News Now.\nAccording to police, the alleged gunman, twenty-eight year-old Mohammad Schultz of Portsmouth, Virginia, was found carrying a laminated card which identified him as a Life Member of the National Rifle Association. In addition, a number of brochures and paraphernalia advocating for Second Amendment rights were found in the suspects vehicle, Detective Lewis added. Authorities have yet to determine what motive, if any, the suspect might have had.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NORFOLK, Va. - A Virginia man is being hailed a hero after he single-handedly prevented a would-be mass shooter from potentially taking the lives..."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-22T10:08:03+00:00", "title": "Texas Gov. Greg Abbott Says Mexico is Constructing Human Catapults", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/texas-gov-greg-abbott-says-mexico-is-constructing-rapid-fire-human-catapults/", "text": "EL PASO, Tx.  The Mexican government, likely in response to Donald Trumps pledge to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico, has reportedly begun construction of a fleet of rapid fire catapults capable of propelling thousands of illegal immigrants into the United States a day, Texas governor Greg Abbott revealed during a press conference Tuesday.\nThese people will stop at nothing to enter our country and steal our jobs, declared Governor Abbott moments before unveiling several high-resolution photographs purportedly showing more than a dozen catapults in the early stages of construction. These images that you see before you were taken by covert elements of the Texas State Guard operating deep behind enemy lines in the Chihuahua desert, the governor explained.\nThe catapults, according to Gov. Abbott, are designed to launch a parachute-clad immigrant nearly two thousand feet into the air  well over any wall the United States could feasibly build  while driving them more than three miles inside the U.S. before their eventual landing. By the time these [people] touch down, theyre well inside the country and could very easily pass for naturalized or  in some cases  even American citizens, warned Gov. Abbott, who called the catapult construction an act of war on part of the Mexican government.\nThe White House on Tuesday issued a brief statement calling Governor Abbotts assertion that Mexico is constructing the catapults a total fabrication with White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest hinting that the Texas governor may be asked to undergo a psychological evaluation. Meanwhile, Governor Abbott vowed to take action despite what he called a blatant refusal by Mr. Obama to protect the people of Texas. The governor said he has authorized the Texas State Guard to carry out a series of precision air strikes on key targets inside Mexico.\nWell strike hard and well strike fast, Gov. Abbott promised, adding that he plans to dispatch a delegation to Mexico later this month to insist they pay for the ordnance used to destroy the catapults.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "EL PASO, Tx. \u2013 The Mexican government, likely in response to Donald Trump\u2019s pledge to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico, has reportedly begun construction of a fleet of \u2018rapid fire\u2019 catapults capable of propelling thousands of illegal immigrants into the United States a day, Texas governor Greg Abbott revealed during a press \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-02-06T12:44:41+00:00", "title": "China Shoots Down U.S. Satellite After Clamming Territory on Moon", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/china-shoots-down-u-s-satellite-after-laying-claim-to-moons-southern-region/", "text": "BEIJING, Cn.  The Chinese military may have used an electromagnetic rail gun to shoot down a U.S. satellite that had been orbiting the moon since 2009, an American defense official speaking on condition of anonymity toldThe Wall Street Journal on Saturday.\nNASAs Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter -otherwise known as LRO, was the only known satellite orbiting the moon until Beijing ordered it shot down on the grounds that it was in violation of Chinas sovereignty. The communist country on Saturday declared the Moons southern hemisphere to be Chinese territory and threatened military action against any country suspected of penetrating its borders.\nChinese president Xi Jinping said his countrys space agency is working with the military to establish a joint operating base with North Korea in the central region of the Moons southern hemisphere. The forward operating base will likely be located some twenty-six kilometers south of a massive crater known as Tycho. China reserves the right to defend itself against enemies both interplanetary and domestic, President Xi said.\nThe White House has, thus far, kept quiet on the lunar issue but the USS Curtis Wilbur, an American guided-missile destroyer, reportedly sailed within twelve nautical miles of an islandin the South China Sea last weekend. The American warship has violated relevant Chinese laws by entering Chinese territorial waters without prior permission, Chinas foreign ministry said in a statement, adding that China has increased its surveillance of the area.\nThe South China Sea serves as a major international shipping route and has been the source of an international border dispute involving China, the Philippines, Taiwan and the United States. China seeks to limit navigation of the waters, which the United States and its allies view as vital to international trade.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "BEIJING, Cn. - The Chinese military may have used an electromagnetic rail gun to shoot down a U.S. satellite that had been orbiting the moon since 2009.."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-27T10:24:52+00:00", "title": "U.S. Court of Appeals Orders Marriott to Remove Cameras", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/u-s-court-of-appeals-orders-marriott-to-remove-shower-head-cameras-by-2016/", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO, Ca.  The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth District has ordered Marriott International, an American diversified hospitality company, to remove pinhole cameras installed in shower-heads from all of its U.S. properties by early 2016.\nThe ruling reverses a previous decision by Judge Stephen K. Schmidt of the U.S. District Court of Nevada, who ruled in favor of Marriotts use of the cameras. The company has utilized the closed circuit cameras for liability purposes since 2006, following an unsuccessful lawsuit filed by an elderly guest who was knocked unconscious after falling in the shower.\nRay Cutler, an attorney for Marriott International, says the company has already filed an appeal and will fight the decision. This sets a dangerous precedent for hotels and the service industry as a whole, where the customers well-being falls under the responsibility of the proprietor, Cutler said.\nMost hotels dont disclose the existence or location of in-room CCTV cameras out of fear of backlash from their customer base but, according to Cutler, the practice is done purely from a safety and security standpoint. In some locations overseas, such as Asian or Eastern European countries, Cutler said, Its not uncommon to have these cameras installed throughout the room. They arent restricted to the bathroom. In fact, many host governments require the use of in-room closed circuit monitoring. Its a requirement to operate a business over there.\nAttorneys representing Hilton and Starwood Hotels said both hospitality companies have filed similar suits appealing the courts decision. Its standard practice in the industry, Vikramijit Singh, a travel agent who works for Expedia, told this reporter, adding, Everyone does it.\nMarriott has until January of 2016 to remove the closed-circuit cameras from its U.S. locations. However, others in the hospitality industry say they will continue to maintain the practice, out of concern for their customers, until ordered otherwise.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The U.S. Court of Appeals has ordered Marriott International to remove pinhole cameras installed in shower-heads from all of its U.S. properties."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-06T03:11:51+00:00", "title": "Texas Schools to Implement 'Active Shooter Prevention' Measures", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/texas-school-districts-to-implement-active-shooter-prevention-measures/", "text": "AUSTIN, Tx.  Following another mass shooting last week that left ten people dead at Oregons Umpqua Community College, Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced Monday that he has approved funding for a new Active Shooter Prevention Program being implemented in at leasttwo Texas school districts later this month.\nThis week Ive met withschool officials from all across our great state of Texas. Weve focused on a number of concerns andissuessuch as campus accessibility and security, police and EMS response times, and threat assessment capabilities,Governor Abbott said. Based on the information collected, my office has put together what I believeis the best possible strategy to prevent and, if need be, combat a potential mass shooting.\nUsing taxpayer funds reallocated from a number of government programs, Governor Abbott authorized the purchase of fifteen Super aEgis II autonomous weapons platforms from DoDAAM Systems Ltd., a South Korean defense company, which the Texas Department of Education will install near the entrances to a number of its public schools in the Dallas and Houston Independent School Districts.\nThese turret systems are used as sentriesby the South Korean military along their Demilitarized Zone, so theyrehighly advanced andeffective at maintaining security, Governor Abbott said. According to DoDAAM Systems official website, the Super aEgis II automated turret system uses forward-looking infrared to track, identify, and eliminatearmedhuman-sized targets at a range of 3 kilometers.\nAvailable in both .50 caliber and 40 mm, the Super aEgis II is able to punch through flesh and armor with pinpoint precision and can operate at full capacity even in total darkness and extreme weather. Governor Abbottsaid that at his request,DoDAAM Systems hasmodified the weaponsplatforms being sent to Texasin a way that allows themto only engage threats that come within five hundred feet of school property.\nTexas senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz hailed Governor Abbotts plan, calling the new Active Shooter Prevention Program a step in the right direction. Cruz, who is scheduled to spend three days on the campaign trail in Iowa next week, praised Abbott, saying the governor possesses a keen ability to tackle this pressing national issue without infringing on our fundamental right to bear arms.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced he has approved funding for an \u2018Active Shooter Prevention Program\u2019 being implemented in two Texas school districts."}
{"published_time": "2015-04-05T18:35:37+00:00", "title": "Jesus Christ Returns for 'Second Coming,' Vows to Destroy ISIS", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/04/jesus-christ-returns-to-earth-for-second-coming-vows-to-destroy-isis/", "text": "JACKSONVILLE, Fl.  After a two thousand-year absence, the Lord and Savior of humanity, Jesus Christ, has returned to earth. Jesus, who many believe to be the Son of God, was crucified in 30 A.D. under Pontius Pilate, then leader of the Roman Empire. Prior to his death, Jesus told acquaintances that he intended to one day return to Earth to judge the living and the dead.\nRabbi Jacob Schram, of the Beth Israel Messianic Synagogue in Jacksonville, Florida, met with Jesus early Sunday morning amId a crowd of worshipers and local media. Jesus performed several miracles, including curing a nine-year-old girl of autism, before leading a prayer service for the synagogues worshipers. When asked why he was visiting a synagogue rather than a church, Christ said he was born and raised a Jew.\nSusan Ross, who attends Beth Israel Messianic Synagogue regularly and was among the worshipers who met Jesus Christ, spoke with News 4 Jacksonville, saying, Im just ecstatic that hes here! That were all here to witness history in the making. Ross, a 47 year-old single mother, added that Christ looked very good for his age. Hes a two thousand year-old man with the body of thirty-three year old.\nIn an exclusive interview with CNNs Anderson Cooper, Mr. Christ confirmed his return to Earth is in accordance with the prophecy, and added hed visited briefly in 1894 but didnt tell anyone. Cooper then asked Jesus a series of questions in an effort to dispel thousand-year old myths and rumors surrounding the Christian faith. On the subject of gay marriage, Jesus said, Im fine with it. My father is fine with it. In fact, Anderson, its not in the bible, but two of my Apostles, John and Matthew, were homosexuals.\nIn response to a question regarding the Islamic State and growing concerns over the safety of Christians living in the Middle East, Jesus addressed ISIS directly, saying members of the Islamic State have the opportunity to be forgiven simply by laying down your weapons and accepting me as your Lord and Savior. However, Christ added his father is preparing to send an army of angels to eradicate evil from the planet.\nJesus Christ said his first order of business will be to judge the estimated 7.125 billion people currently alive on earth, a job which he says shouldnt take too long. Christ told Anderson Cooper hes not in a hurry to immediately judge the dead, saying, They arent going anywhere anytime soon.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "After a two thousand-year absence, the Lord and Savior of humanity, Jesus Christ, has returned to earth."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-12T11:38:15+00:00", "title": "Obama Mistaken for Robbery Suspect, Detained Outside U.S. Capitol", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/president-obama-mistaken-robbery-suspect-detained-outside-u-s-capitol/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama was briefly detained outside of the U.S. Capitol Building Tuesday morning after two white D.C.Metropolitan Police officers mistook the Commander-in-Chief for a robbery suspect.\nAt approximately 10:45 A.M. two officers observed an individual matching the description of a suspect sought in connection with a robbery that took place at a convenience store several blockssouth ofthe U.S. Capitol, D.C. Metropolitan police chief Cathy Lanier told reporters Tuesday afternoon. Unbeknownst to the officers, their suspect was none other than President Barack Obama.\nPolice approached President Obama from a safe distance before ordering him to the ground, but according to witness accounts, when the president, who likely didnt realize the Metropolitan police officers were addressing him, didnt immediately comply, both officers shot him multiple times with their Tasers.\nCell phone video taken by a congressional aide who asked to remain anonymous, shows Mr. Obama, who is African-American, pinned on the ground by two white police officers, one of whom can be heard repeatedly ordering the presidentto stop resisting arrest.\nA spokesperson for the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department said President Obama bore a striking resemblance to the robbery suspect. From the distance at which our officers were standing, youd be hard pressed to tell them apart. The man, whose name has not been released by police, was later arrested in Maryland after holding up a second convenience store.\nThe two Metropolitan police officers were reportedly still on duty following Tuesdays incident. A department official with knowledge of the incident told Real News Right Now that neither officer is likely to face disciplinary action.Both officers involved used soundjudgement and appropriate use offorcegiven the information available to them at the time, the official said.\nPresident Obama is scheduled to deliver his final State of the Union address before a joint session of Congress at 9 p.m. EST tonight.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - President Barack Obama was briefly detained outside of the U.S. Capitol Building Tuesday morning after two white D.C. Metropolitan.."}
{"published_time": "2015-04-12T16:31:02+00:00", "title": "North Korea Invades U.S. with 4.5 Million Ground Troops", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/04/north-korea-invades-u-s-with-4-5-million-ground-troops-washington-surrenders/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Prk.  North Koreas Central News Agency reported yesterday that the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea suffered very limited casualties last week when it launched a preemptive strike against its longtime aggressor and nemesis, the United States. On April 9th, Glorious Leader Kim Jong-un, who also serves as Supreme Commander of the Korean Peoples Army, instructed top military officials from the Peoples Ground Force, the Peoples Navy, and the Peoples Air Force to strike with precision at the heart of the empire of devils and to free the American people from the iron chains of capitalism.\nThe Glorious Leader warned his righteous forces to be weary of the American landscape, saying many cities were governed by the law of the jungle and were rampant with crime. However, just moments after the first wave of two million KPA soldiers breached the American imperialists feeble defenses and marched their way across the East Coast, American citizens were seen falling to their knees and sobbing uncontrollably at the sight of their North Korean liberators.\nUsing a wide array of highly advanced weaponry, the distinguished Peoples Strategic Rocket Forces reduced Washington, D.C. to ashes in a matter of minutes, leaving the puppet nations leaders fleeing for the hills in terror. The few who remained, cowered like sheep in front of the KPA liberators all the while pleading for mercy. Many were granted a full pardon by our Fatherly Leader and are now serving respectable positions within the Workers Party of Korea.\nThis reporter was granted authorization, thanks to our Glorious Leader Kim Jong-un, to speak with two Americans who were voluntarily attending a reeducation seminar at FedEx Field in Maryland. John, a thirty-year-old commercial truck driver from Lorton, Virginia said life under communism is much better than hed ever expected and he felt sick to his stomach for believing the lies fed to us by these capitalist pigs. He added, The North Korean people are the kindest people Ive ever met.\nJennifer, a former middle school teacher from Silver Spring, Maryland, spoke briefly with this reporter while taking a short break from memorizing the countless accomplishments and achievements of Kim Il-sung. Kim Jong-uns generosity and love transcends time and space, she proclaimed as tears of joy streamed down her cheeks.\nThe United States of America, a godless nation run by toothless wolves, was founded in 1776 by a group of Satanists. It has since brought death and despair to all it has touched, creating enemies on all corners of the earth. The world has collectively rejoiced and can rest easy knowing the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea single-handedly put an end to the imperialist regimes reign. Congratulatory letters and floral baskets addressed to the Supreme Leader are flooding Pyongyang and show no signs of stopping.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "North Korea suffered very limited casualties when it launched a preemptive strike last week against its longtime aggressor and nemesis, the United States."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-19T10:22:42+00:00", "title": "President Obama to Levy Tax Against States That Refuse Refugees", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/obama-issues-executive-order-levying-tax-on-states-who-refuse-refugees/", "text": "MANILA, Ph. President Barack Obama announcedtoday that hes reached a faircompromise withCongressregarding theSyrian refugee crisis in Iraq and Syria. As Americans, we have a moral obligation to help those in need, Mr. Obama said. Religion and race should notfactor into our decisionto provide humanitarian assistance to those less fortunate than us.\nThe United States will move forward with its plan to resettle a number of Syrian refugees around the country, President Obama continued, adding,Although there are some that find the burden of helping othersfar too overbearing. It is for this reason that Iveissued an Executive Order authorizing atwenty-fivepercent decrease in federal funding to states that refuse to accept refugees.Mr. Obamalater said state governmentscould potentiallyavoid the penaltyprovided they agree toassist with the resettlement of a handful of Christian refugees.\nDuring a press conference Thursday morning, Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced hed agreed to accept approximately 110,000 Syrian refugees over the next eighteen months on the grounds they can be vetted as Christians.Additionally, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder announced plans to assimilate nearly 180,000 Syrian Christians into the cities ofDearborn and Troy. Locatedin Wayne County, the city of Dearborn is home to Michigans largest Arab population.Meanwhile,those ofArab descentrepresent just6% of Troys current population.\nThe Obama administration is leaving ituptoindividual state governmentsto formulate a process for determining the appropriatereligion ofrefugees seeking assistance.Republican presidential candidate and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas told Fox NewsThursday that hes alreadyspoke with Governor Abbott regarding the vetting process. I met with Greg and his team last night via Skype, Senator Cruz told Sean Hannity. Weve put together a twenty-point questionnaire to help us identify the good guysand the bad guys. Cruz saidthe Texas National Guard has been instructed to workin conjunctionwithImmigration and Customs Enforcement to help deport any non-ChristianSyrians caught illegally seekingasylum in Texas.\nFormer Arkansas governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabeecondemnedthe Obama administration for making the country less safeand reminded voters that fifteen of the nineteen hijackers were refugees. However, Mr. Huckabeesaid if elected, he would fully support bringing Christian refugees from any nation into the United States. Despite being the most persecuted group on earth,these peopledont have a violent bone in their body, Huckabee told Fox News, You want to talk about areligion of peace.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "\"The United States will move forward with its plan to resettle a number of Syrian refugees around the country,\" President Obama said."}

{"published_time": "2016-02-28T12:12:37+00:00", "title": "Texas Names Javelin Anti-Tank Missile Its 'Official State Rifle'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/texas-names-javelin-portable-anti-tank-missile-official-state-rifle/", "text": "AUSTIN, Tx.  During a ceremony at the Governors Mansion in Austin this weekend, Texas governor Greg Abbott unveiled The Lone Star States official rifle, an American-made FGM-148Javelin Portable Anti-Tank Missile. This rifle symbolizes American ingenuity and superiority, declared Gov. Abbott as two service members from the Texas Army National Guard removed the weapon from its polymer case and prominently displayed it at the governors feet.\nCritics and gun-control advocates alike say the Javelin Portable Anti-Tank Missile is not a rifle at all but a dangerous anti-aircraft weapon designed to destroy armored vehicles, helicopters, and buildings. However, according to the NRAs Executive Vice President, Wayne LaPierre, The Javelin, by definition, meets all the characteristics of a rifle. Its a shoulder-fired weapon that fires a single projectile.\nJust because the single projectile happens to be a 127-millimeter high explosive warhead with an automatic self-guidance system, proponents say the Javelin, like other large-bore rifles in its class, is prone to unfair discrimination. Everythings bigger in Texas, explained Gov. Abbott. Especially our guns. The governor boasted that he personally owns two Javelin Portable Anti-Tank Missile rifles. I mostly use em for hunting boar, he added with a chuckle.\nWith an MSRP of $246,000, the Javelin Portable Anti-Tank Missile rifle is primarily geared toward advanced shooters. Its not a great beginner rifle, partly due to the price tag, said Robert Henderson, a contributing writer forAmerican Huntermagazine. But if you can afford it and you have a good amount of land, its a helluva lot of fun to shoot.\nTexas is the second state to declare an official rifle this week. On Wednesday, February 28th, the Barrett M82.50 caliber anti-materiel rifle became the Official Rifle of Tennessee. Designed for use against unarmored and lightly armored military vehicles, the semi-automatic M82 is a favorite among Tennesseans who enjoy vaporizing rabbits and other small game.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Texas governor Greg Abbott unveiled The Lone Star State's official rifle, an American-made FGM-148 Javelin Portable Anti-Tank Missile."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-08T09:03:04+00:00", "title": "Coveted Panda Cub Abducted from National Zoo in Daring Night Raid", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/coveted-panda-cub-abducted-national-zoo-daring-night-raid/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  While millions of Americans were watching the Broncos crush the Panthers on Sunday night, Bei Bei, the youngest member of a family of giant pandas residing at the National Zoo in downtown Washington, D.C., was abducted by heavily armed poachers who rappelled into the habitat under the cover of darkness.\nD.C. Metropolitan police say the suspects -who were clad in black and wearing night vision goggles, flew into the National Zoos complex in Woodley Park aboard two military style helicopters before dropping into the pandas habitat. The suspects were in and out in a matter of seconds, D.C. police chief Cathy Lanier said during a press conference Monday morning. These were not your average run-of-the-mill criminals.\nPrior to the abduction, Zoo officials say they were never alerted to any direct threats to Bei Bei or any other members of the beloved giant panda family. Theres no rhyme or reason as to why this happened, said a tearful Stacy Andrews, a veterinarian who works in the panda habitat. Ms. Andrews said she cant imagine why anyone would want to hurt baby Bei Bei.\nPolice say theyve recovered a number of items including several tranquilizer darts and spent shell casings from the paddock. Were currently running tests on the evidence collected by investigators, Chief Lanier told reporters. However, at this point authorities have yet to indicate whether or not they have any solid leads on the identities or whereabouts of the suspects.\nAt this stage its unlikely they have anything, former FBI special agent Miguel Rodriguez told Fox News Monday morning. Or if they do have something, they arent making it public just yet. The former special agent said that in the event a ransom is involved, kidnappers typically issue their demands within forty-eight hours of the abduction. So we still have a bit of time to see how that plays out, Rodriguez said.\nD.C. Metropolitan police say they are looking into the possibility that a leftist militant group known as the Panda Liberation Front (PLF) may have carried out Sundays bold abduction. While little is known about the organizational structure of the PLF, its ranks are said to include a number of highly trained militarized pandas.\nThe U.S. Department of State liststhe group -which is believed to have ties to the Chinese government, as a foreign terrorist organization.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - Bei Bei, the youngest member of a family of giant pandas residing at the National Zoo in D.C., was abducted by heavily armed poachers.."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-07T10:12:28+00:00", "title": "Historic Documents Reveal Jefferson Supported 'Some' Sharia Law", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/historic-documents-reveal-jefferson-supported-some-sharia-law/", "text": "MONTICELLO, Va.  Archaeologists working at Thomas Jeffersons primary plantation, otherwise known as Monticello, have unearthed a cache of historic documents which provide a glimpse into the mind of the late Thomas Jefferson. The vast majority of the recovered documents were penned by Mr. Jefferson himself and, according to historians, are in pristine condition.\nIncluded in the discovery is a six volume leather-bound journal in which the third president of the United States kept meticulously detailed notes and diagrams of cloud formations which he observed from the roof of Monticello. In one particular entry, next to a sketch of what is likely a Cirrus cloud, Mr. Jefferson wrote that it resembled the finest and most delicate wisps of hair, the likes of which one finds dangling about a periwig.\nAnother set of documents found locked away in an iron safe beneath a store house on the grounds of Monticello known as the Negro Quarter, appear to be the minutes recorded from a series of private meetings between Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, and John Adams. In the records, the Founding Fathers weigh the pros and cons of including certain aspects of Sharia Law in the final draft of the U.S. Constitution.\nJohn Adams expresses some doubts as to whether a need to include such minute details could be viewed as obtrusive by future generations of lawmakers. However, all three agree that Sharia Law should not be entirely removed from the American system of government. It is indeed the most efficient way of resolving simple domestic issues, noted Mr. Jefferson, to which Mr. Franklin wholeheartedly agreed, adding that Sharia Law should be implemented at the very least to resolve petty criminal infractions.\nOfficials at Jeffersons Monticello say the documents will be made available to the general public along with other recently discovered artifacts once archaeological analysts have had a chance to thoroughly inspect and log them.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MONTICELLO, Va. - Archaeologists at Monticello have unearthed a cache of documents which provide a glimpse into the mind of the late Thomas Jefferson."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-25T18:45:54+00:00", "title": "Syrian Owned Business Reopens After NYPD Gives All Clear", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/syrian-owned-business-reopens-after-nypd-gives-all-clear/", "text": "MANHATTAN, Ny.  An Ohio middle school teacher is being hailed a hero after alerting police to a possible ISIS bomb making operation in New York City on Wednesday. Forty-one year-old Judith Harrington was taking her sisters black lab for a walk through downtown Manhattan when she encountered a suspicious device in an alley near Fifth Avenue. I wasnt exactly sure what it was, Judith told Fox 5 NY, but I had a feeling in my gut that it was meant to harm people.\nMinutes after Harrington called 911, a heavily armed NYPD emergency response team arrived on the scene and prepared to enter a nearby Syrian-owned business which police believed was linked to the suspicious device.Officers used a breaching charge to blow open the shops locked entrance before entering the building with their guns raised.\nOnce inside, police detained three employees who were found to be in possession of devices similar to the one reported by Mrs. Harrington. Members of the NYPDs bomb squad used a bomb-disposal robot to perform a controlled demolition of the devices prior to inspection.\nAuthorities later determined the devices -which turned out to be iPhones, were harmless. The iPhone is a high-end cellular phone popular in many parts of the world, including the Middle East. The Manhattan shop that sells the devices, known simply as the Apple Store, is one of thousands across the United States and is owned by Apple, the same company that produces the iPhone.\nHowever, authorities say the founder of Apple, a man by the name of Steve Jobs, is the son of a Syrian migrant. Were currently looking into this information, said FBI Special Agent Addison Brewer, who added, Looking at this from a national security perspective, its hard to imagine why an individual of Syrian descent would choose to open an electronics shop in New York City.\nSpecial Agent Brewer noted that Jobs father is from the Syrian city of Aleppo, a major supply point for the Islamic State.\nNew York Citys mayor Bill de Blasio, speaking at a joint press conference with the NYPD, called Judith Harrington a hero for exhibiting quick thinking in the face of danger and presented her with a key to the city. The average American isnt an explosive ordnance expert, he said. I think youd be hard pressed to find anyone in this day and age who can positively tell a phone from a bomb.\nJim Boone, an iPhone user and Manhattan resident who witnessed the police raid, said he wasnt aware of Jobs Syrian heritage. The new revelation has Boone considering switching to an Android phone. Its a little unsettling, he said. Especially after what happened in Paris.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A heavily armed NYPD SWAT team prepared to enter a nearby Syrian-owned business which police believed was linked to the suspicious device."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-13T16:31:50+00:00", "title": "Syrian Refugee Wins $312 Million Powerball Jackpot", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/syrian-refugee-wins-312-million-powerball-jackpot/", "text": "MUNFORD, Tn.  Sayid Farzat hit a rare stroke of luck on Monday when he purchased a Powerball ticket on a whim from a gas station in Munford, Tennessee. I just thought Id try it out, he told FOX 13 Memphis, adding, It only cost me two dollars.\nSayid, a twenty-four year-old Syrian refugee, arrived in the United States less than ten days ago after finally being approved for entry. Sayid and his cousin Nizar had been on a waiting list for more than a year. The cousins fled the Syrian city of al-Raqqa in early 2014, leaving behind more than a dozen family members who, at the time, believed an end to the brutal civil war, which has engulfed the country since 2011, was on the horizon.\nSayid said its unlikely his family will be able to come to the U.S. anytime soon. But, he said, hes sending them a couple million dollars to help out. I hope theyll use it to safely get out of Syria, Sayid said.\nIn the meantime, Sayid told FOX 13 Memphis, he and his cousin plan to use the Powerball winnings to purchase an apartment complex in the Munford area. We want to have a place where we can live peacefully, Sayid said, referring not only to himself but to other refugees arriving in the United States from Syria.\nWhile grateful to be in the U.S. and out of harms way, Sayid said he knows many Americans are fearful of refugees coming from Syria. Were just people, he said. We have jobs, we are students, we have families. Just like you, we want to have a good life. But because of Assad and the Islamic State, we cant have that in Syria.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MUNFORD, Tn. - Sayid Farzat hit a rare stroke of luck on Monday when he purchased a Powerball ticket on a whim from a gas station in Munford, Tennessee."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-15T10:14:35+00:00", "title": "DC Sees Rise in Tourism Due to Record Shark Sightings in Potomac", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/d-c-area-sees-influx-tourism-due-record-number-bull-shark-sightings-potomac/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Shark enthusiasts are flocking to the nations capital this summer to catch a glimpse of several dozen bull sharks which  due in part to increasingly warmer climates  have migrated further inland than usual, traveling up the Potomac River from the Chesapeake Bay.\nWeve had at least forty-three confirmed bull shark sightings in July alone, Jed Blatter, owner of Blatters Boat Tours, a Washington, D.C.-based amphibious tour company, toldThe Washington Post. Due to the Potomacs often murky waters, Blatter said his boats frequently circle the shallow waters off the coast of Roosevelt Island where the bull sharks have been known to hang out.\nHowever, as a result of increased boat traffic on the Potomac, some tour boat operators are turning to a process known as chumming to lure sharks away from Roosevelt Island and into other shallow areas of the river. Illegal in some parts of the world because of the increased risk it poses to humans, chumming is the act of using a mixture of blood, bone, and fish parts to lure sharks into a specific area.\nWe dont typically encourage chumming because of its adverse effects on marine life, Blatter said. Now having said that, we offer a special excursion on Sundays which is geared toward more experienced swimmers. We hit the water before sunrise and head over to a little rock cluster known as the Three Sisters where it gets to be around forty feet deep. We put you in a diving cage and drop you ten or twelve feet down with about thirty gallons of chum, explainedBlatter, adding, Its a really unique experience.\nBull sharks, which can grow to nearly eight feet in length, are the only known species of shark that can survive in both fresh and saltwater. Highly aggressive towards humans, they usually thrive in warm shallow water and are responsible for the vast majority of near-shore shark attacks.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Shark enthusiasts are flocking to the nation's capital this summer to catch a glimpse of several dozen bull sharks which have migrated further inland..."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-05T20:04:18+00:00", "title": "Facebook Denies Zuckerberg Allegedly on NSA Payroll", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/facebook-denies-zuckerberg-allegedly-on-nsa-payroll/", "text": "MENLO PARK, CA  Facebook is vehemently denying allegations that founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been employed with the U.S. National Security Agency for years; his initial recruitment dating back as far as early 2002. Retired U.S. Air Force General Buck Turgidson, who worked with the National Security Agency from 1999 until late 2005, has intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances surrounding Zuckerbergs employment.\nHe was a senior architect of the PRISM program, he stated during a interview last week on Fox & Friends. General Turgidson went on to say that Facebook was designed as an extension of PRISM in that it created massive data gathering capabilities. It revolutionized the way we gather information on a large scale, meanwhile bypassing federal surveillance laws because users make the choice to voluntarily give up personal information.\nAccording to classified NSA documents leaked by former employee and whistle-blower Edward Snowden and later released to the American public by journalist Glenn Greenwald of The Intercept, Zuckerberg met regularly with top U.S. intelligence officials in closed-door sessions. However, the details of these sessions were never recorded. In an email response to questions submitted by this reporter, Facebooks Public Relations director April O. Neel confirmed that Mr. Zuckerberg attends biweekly sessions at NSA headquarters in Fort Meade strictly as a pro bono consultant.\nIf true, these allegations could explain why in March of last year, Facebook requisitioned a secure, climate controlled, server storage facility roughly the size of two football fields at the Utah Data Center, a massive data mining complex operated by the National Security Agency.\nGeneral Turgidson, who agreed to meet with this reporter at an undisclosed location yesterday, defended the PRISM program as well as Facebooks alleged involvement, citing national security concerns amid an ever growing age of technology. He called the clear invasion of privacy necessary and added, Its no secret that Facebook openly employs the use of surveillance technology, whether it be global positioning services or facial recognition software. The public is aware of it and they accept it. Its right there in the Terms of Service.\nOvershadowed by these groundbreaking allegations against Zuckerberg is the mysterious disappearance of Facebook intern James Olsen. Olsen, who accepted a post-college internship with the social media company late last year, posted a cell phone video he took during a staff meeting at Facebook headquarters in which Zuckerberg can be heard allegedly shouting, Privacy is not a right, its a privilege! The video was uploaded to the media sharing site YouTube on January 5th, 2015, however it was pulled by the site less than four hours later.\nA programmer currently working for Facebook, who spoke to this reporter on the condition of anonymity, said he witnessed plain clothes security officers armed with handguns forcibly remove Olsen from Facebook headquarters. The programmer claims Olsen was escorted to a waiting SUV bearing official U.S. government plates before being driven away. Olsens parents have since filed a missing persons report with the Menlo Park Police Department.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Facebook is vehemently denying allegations that founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been employed with the U.S. National Security Agency for years."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-24T12:54:47+00:00", "title": "President Obama Announces New Initiative to Curb Gun Violence", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/president-obama-announces-new-initiative-to-curb-gun-violence/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  In the wake of another mass shooting, this time in Kalamazoo, Michigan, when an Uber driver shot and killed six people over the weekend, President Barack Obama, speaking from the Oval Office on Wednesday, laid out his latest plan to curb gun violence in America, calling the new initiative a sensible incentive-based program.\nLargely based around past state-funded gun buyback-style programs, Obamas new plan, which goes into effect nationwide on March 2nd, gives Americans the choice to turn their weapons over to the federal government once a month on a no-questions-asked basis. Let me be clear, explained President Obama. No one is under any obligation, legal or otherwise, to participate in the program. This is a volunteer-only initiative.\nHowever, Obama continued, each American who chooses to take part in the program, regardless of criminal history, will receive a voucher for every firearm they turn over to the federal government. These vouchers, Obama explained, are electronically entered into a national lottery system created and implemented by this administration. At the end of each month well hold a nationally televised drawing to announce a winner.\nOn the first Tuesday of every month, starting in April of 2016, one lucky American will have the chance to sit in on a CIA drone operation where they will have the rare opportunity to assume command of a live drones remote firing controls and -under CIA supervision- execute a suspected terrorist. Citing national security concerns, the president said award winners will not be told the names or locations of the terror suspects who have been targeted for assassination. Youll simply be told when to fire, President Obama said.\nChris Rutherford, a fifty-one year-old registered Republican from Hattiesburg, Mississippi, toldFox Newsthat he cannot wait to enter into the national lottery. Im a proud Trump supporter and lifetime member of the NRA, Rutherford said, continuing, I own twelve guns including my grandfathers M1903 Springfield, and you better believe I plan to hand each and every one of them over to Mr. Obama.\nRutherford isnt the only one excited about Obamas gun buyback initiative. Sandra Glass, a mother of six from Austin, Texas, toldReal News Right Now that she intends to take out a second mortgage on her home so she can afford to buy enough guns to enter herself and her two oldest sons into the national lottery once a month. Consider it their high school graduation present, Mrs. Glass said with a chuckle.\nThe National Rifle Association has not yet issued a statement on the program but an NRA official, speaking on condition of anonymity, told The Washington Post that if there were ever a legitimate reason to give up your guns, this is it.\nThe complete terms and conditions of President Obamas national lottery program are expected to be outlined on the White Houses official websitelate next week. However, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest confirmed that the minimum number of firearms an individual needs to hand over to the government each month in order to be eligible for the lottery is one.\nRon Anderson, who sits on the board of the American Firearms Retailers Association, said he believes Obamas new initiative could be good for America. Its not something that directly infringes on our constitutional right to bear arms, Mr. Anderson said, adding that while the programs primary intention of curbing gun violence could be successful, the added incentive will likely cause gun sales to skyrocket. Its basically a win-win situation for all involved, Anderson said.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama on Wednesday laid out his latest plan to curb gun violence in America, calling the new initiative a \"sensible incentive-based program.\""}
{"published_time": "2016-01-04T10:02:05+00:00", "title": "Malheur National Wildlife Refuge Destroyed in Drone Strike", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/malheur-national-wildlife-refuge-destroyed-in-suspected-drone-strike/", "text": "HARNEY COUNTY, Or.  The headquarters for the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, where more than a dozen heavily armed right-wing extremists were believed to be holed up, has been destroyed following a suspected drone strike, a spokesman for the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service announced early Monday.\nTwo explosions were reported early this morning in the vicinity of the refuges main office, Brett Lauer, a spokesman for the agency, told CNN. Emergency crews arrived on the scene to find a smoldering crater where the Malheur office had once stood. Lauer went on to describe the scene as chaotic, saying first responders searched in vain for survivors but, as of Monday afternoon, none had been found.\nFirefighters recovered the remains of thirteen people, eleven of whom are believed to be members of an extremist group led by Ammon Bundy. The forty year-old son of Nevada rancher and anti-government radicalCliven Bundy was among those killed in the blast.\nOn Saturday, January 2, a small but heavily armed group of militants led by Mr. Bundy stormed the wildlife refuge headquarters in Harney County, demanding the release of two individuals -a father and son, who had been convicted of arson. As of Sunday evening, local authorities were monitoring the situation but had not made any overt attempts to intervene.\nThe Obama administration has not publicly commented on the explosion or the deaths of the extremists but White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, in response to an inquiry from Real News Right Now, said, The United States does not negotiate with terrorists.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "HARNEY COUNTY, Or. - The headquarters for the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, where more than a dozen heavily armed right-wing extremists were..."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-08T12:53:43+00:00", "title": "F-16s Scrambled to Intercept UFO Over D.C., 1 Pilot Missing", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/f-16s-scrambled-to-intercept-ufo-over-d-c-1-pilot-missing/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  The White House and U.S. Capitol were evacuated today when an unidentified flying object entered restricted airspace above the nations capital. At approximately 10:21 a.m. local time, F-16 fighter jets left Joint Base Andrews in Southern Maryland to intercept the object, which, according to defense officials, did not show up on military or civilian radar.\nThe object was first spotted over Baltimore and subsequently reported to emergency services by some two hundred individuals, Major General Scott Borland of the U.S. Air Force told reporters during an emergency briefing at the Pentagon. At that time it was reported that the object was headed southwest in the direction of Washington D.C. Baltimore City Emergency Services immediately alerted NORAD, at which point three F-16s were scrambled out of Joint Base Andrews with orders to intercept the object.\nAccording to the Department of Defense and eye witnesses on the ground, a solid-black triangular-shaped object traveling at an extremely high rate of speed and emitting virtually no sound, entered restricted airspace above Washington, D.C. at approximately 10:27 a.m. EST. I watched it fly over the [National] mall and it slowed down so quickly, it was unbelievable, it was like it was just hovering there, Bethany Moss, a curator at the Museum of Natural History told Fox 5 DC. One second it was there and the next it just shot upwards into the sky and thats when we heard the fighter jets.\nMajor General Borland said that upon making contact with U.S. fighter jets, the object made several defensive maneuvers, which he described as being impossible for modern aircraft to achieve. When one of our pilots came within firing range, the object deployed a sort of high-energy laser weapon which disabled the F-16s flight control systems, causing it to crash. Immediately after, the remaining fighters lost contact with the object.\nA YouTube video uploaded by amateur photographer Shane Fager shows the F-16 hurdling through the sky and narrowly missing the roof of the John F. Kennedy Center before crashing into the Potomac River. The video, and many like it, which surfaced on YouTube just minutes after the event, show fighter jets buzzing the U.S. capital, but the unidentified object itself is, mysteriously, nowhere to be found. It was using some kind of cloaking device, said Major General Borland. This thing didnt show up on our air defense systems, it didnt show up on any sort of radar, even flash photography and cell phone video couldnt pick it up.\nThe U.S. Coast Guard, working in conjunction with the Arlington County Fire Department, has initiated a search of the Potomac River and the surrounding area for the missing F-16 pilot. The Department of Defense is currently withholding the name of the Airman until his location and status can be determined.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "F-16s scrambled by the Air Force appeared over Washington today when UFO entered restricted airspace above the nation's capital prompting an evacuation."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-28T18:08:52+00:00", "title": "Three U.S. Soldiers to Be Tried for War Crimes", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/three-u-s-soldiers-to-be-tried-for-war-crimes-allegedly-committed-during-operation-iraqi-freedom/", "text": "THE HAGUE, Nl.  The U.S. Department of Justice handed three former U.S. soldiers over to the International Criminal Court at the Hague Friday evening. Former Army Lieutenant James Steven Patterson, Corporal Joseph Griffin, and Private Mike Slauson are scheduled to appear before the ICC Monday morning where they will face war crimes charges for acts allegedly committed during Operation Iraqi Freedom.\nChief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, attorney Klaus Mueller, spoke with reporters Friday afternoon, saying, We find crimes committed during war to be particularly heinous, therefore it is our duty to see that justice is swiftly served, he said, adding, We have a very strong case against these three men.\nCourt records allege that on 8 July 2007 Army Lieutenant James Patterson and Private Mike Slauson were traveling in two United States Army Humvees going southbound on Saadoun Street toward Firdos Square in central Baghdad. Witnesses state both vehicles were traveling well above the posted speed limit as they approached a four-way intersection clearly marked with traffic signals. As they approached the intersection, Lieutenant Patterson and Private Slauson directed their Humvees into oncoming traffic and plowed through the intersection at excessive speeds, during which Pattersons Humvee struck another vehicle traveling perpendicular to it, causing it to impact two other vehicles.\nThe documents go on to say that despite hitting another vehicle, both Patterson and Slauson sped through the intersection without stopping. As a resultfour civilian vehicles were damaged and eleven people injured, including a sixty-seven year old Iraqi woman who suffered a concussion and was taken to a hospital by ambulance.\nLt. James Patterson and Pvt. Slauson are each facing three counts of war crimes. The specific charges include reckless driving, failure to stop at a stop sign, and fleeing the scene of an accident. If convicted, both men could serve up to thirty days in jail. We intend to prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law and provide the Iraqi people with the justice they so desperately seek, Mueller said.\nAdditionally, Corporal Joseph Griffin is facing one count, with the charge of littering. Court documents allege Griffin threw a plastic bag containing roughly a dozen empty water bottles onto the roadside from the turret of an M1 Abrams tank he was riding in. If convicted he will be required to pay a fine of $500 to the Iraqi Ministry of Interior.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former Army Lieutenant Patterson, Corporal Griffin, and Private Slauson will appear before the ICC Monday morning where they will face war crimes charges."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-06T19:25:28+00:00", "title": "State Department: U.S. Aims to Triple Global Arms Sales by 2020", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/state-department-u-s-aims-triple-global-weapons-sales-2020/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Working in conjunction with American weapons manufacturers such as Colt firearms and Lockheed Martin, the U.S. Department of State, which oversees and approves weapons and munitions shipments destined for allied countries including Saudi Arabia, aims to triple its worldwide arms exports by 2020, State Department spokesperson John Kirby announced on Thursday.\nThe announcement comes weeks after an independent study conducted by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute found that the United States leads the world in weapons trafficking and is responsible for nearly 33% of all global arms exports. We dont view this as a victory, Kirby told reporters on Thursday, continuing, Our goal is to triple that number within the next four years. We want to be able to say with absolute confidence that the United States is responsible for 100% of the global arms trade.\nIn order to pull it off, the United States will have to effectively crush its competition as it has done in the past with individual weapons dealers such as Viktor Bout. Extradited to the United States in 2010, the former Sovietsoldieris serving a twenty-five year sentence for allegedly conspiring to kill U.S. citizens and providing aid to a terrorist organization while working to facilitate the transport of weapons to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Columbia (FARC).\nAccording to the United States, Bout also provided weapons to a number of African and Middle Eastern countries that were engaged in bloody conflict throughout the 1990s. For its part, the U.S. has contributed its fair share of deadly weapons to armed conflict. For example, from 1979 to 1989, the CIA furnished Afghan mujaheddin with weaponry to fight the Soviet Union as part ofOperation Cyclone.\nThe difference, according to retired three-star army general Michael A. Brenner, is the U.S. has been consistently arming the good guys. It should be noted that the weapons provided to the mujaheddin courtesy of the United States, which include shoulder-fired Stinger missile launchers, have also been used to killU.S. forces hunting al Qaeda in Afghanistan.\nAside from independent weapons traffickers, the U.S. has to contend with Russia, its main competitor in the arms trade. Fortunately, only about fifteen nations including Syria, Uganda, and Malaysia exclusively purchase weapons from Moscow. The reason being that Soviet Arms are dirt cheap, explained Rich Brogan. On top of that, theyre unreliable and prone to jamming.\nA PR rep for a major U.S. weapons manufacturer, Brogan said that while the AK-47 Kalashnikov may be the most widely distributed rifle on earth, the AR-15 rifle platform is the preferred choice. Whether youre military or police; a hunter or just trying to protect your family, the AR-15 is going to provide you the advantage of unparalleled power, hands down. Were talking about a highly versatile multi-caliber weapon that can fire eight hundred rounds a minute without a hitch.\nCurrently, the United States facilitates the sale of weaponry or  at the expense of American taxpayers  provides it in the form of military aid to seventy-four nations including Australia ($1.4b), Bahrain ($117m), Pakistan ($647m), Romania ($17m), and South Africa ($16m). In addition the U.S. Army Security Assistance Command provides a steady supply of arms to nearly one hundred and fifty countries and in 2015 reported an increase of roughly $20.5 billion in new sales, with sales for the year totaling $172 billion.\nWith over fortypercent of U.S. arms shipments  including machine guns, Hellfire missiles, and attack helicopters  destined for the Middle East, its hard to imagine many of those weapons dont inadvertently end up in the wrong hands. By its own admission, the U.S. government does not keep track of arms shipments after they reach their destination. For instance, in Iraq, which receives more than $1 billion in arms from the U.S., an innumerable amount weapons ranging from small arms such as M-16s to armored Humvees with turret-mounted grenade launchers, have fallen into the hands of the Islamic State.\nWhile the United States touts its message of democracy and freedom abroad, repressive regimes such as Yemen and Bahrain use American made weapons to eliminate political opposition and suppress free speech. Meanwhile, Turkey, which received over $2.2 billion in arms from the United States in 2015, routinely uses those very weapons to fight U.S.-backed Kurdish rebels who, in turn, are on the front lines of the war against the Islamic State.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Department of State, which oversees and approves weapons and munitions shipments destined for allied countries including Saudi Arabia, aims to triple.."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-23T15:13:27+00:00", "title": "Obama Signs Executive Order Banning Confederate Flags", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/obama-signs-executive-order-banning-confederate-flags-memorabilia/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  During a White House-hosted dinner celebrating the Islamic holy month of Ramadan Monday evening, President Obama, flanked by select cabinet members, announced he has signed into law an executive order banning the manufacturing, distribution, and possession of Confederateflags and other memorabilia.\nWhen our values are threatened, we come together as one nation, Mr. Obama said. As Americans, we insist that nobody should be targeted because of who they are, or what they look like, who they love, how they worship. We stand united against these hateful acts.\nThe executive order is the 209th issued by President Obama since taking office and is being hailed as a major victory against racism. Based largely on Germanys anti-Nazi laws, the order, which officially goes into effect on June 18th, makes it illegal to possess any item or symbol bearing the sign of the Confederacy. President Obama, calling the Confederate flag a symbol of hatred, compared its history to that off the Third Reich, saying, You dont see government buildings in Germany flying the Nazi flag, we shouldnt have to see the Confederate flag here.\nAlso included in the executive order is an amendment to 18 U.S. Code 249, allowing for any individual or entity found to be in violation of the law to be prosecuted under the federal hate crimes statute. Under federal law, the punishment carries a mandatory minimum sentence of ten years. In light of recent events, Im inclined to believe a ten-year sentence is far too lenient, Al Sharpton told CNNs Wolf Blitzer today. Blitzer, who agreed with Sharpton, said many in Washington have echoed similar sentiment.\nUnder orders from the White House, the Department of Justice, while working in conjunction with local and state law enforcement agencies, will, in the coming weeks, launch a nationwide operation to halt manufacturing and distribution of the soon-to-be-illegal contraband. According to U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, the brunt of the operation, spearheaded by the FBI, will focus on the deep south and Midwestern regions of the U.S., However, state and local agencies across the country are being asked to conduct their own seizures.\nIn light of the new law, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, a Republican, ordered the immediate removal of a Confederate flag from the grounds of the capital building in Columbia today. In order to stay in compliance with federal law, I have instructed officials at all local and state facilities throughout South Carolina to remove and destroy this contraband, effective immediately, the governor said.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama announced he has signed into law an executive order banning the manufacturing, distribution, and possession of Confederate flags."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-20T05:07:00+00:00", "title": "China to Fund Planned Parenthood for Tissue Donations", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/china-agrees-to-fund-planned-parenthood-in-exchange-for-tissue-donations/", "text": "BEIJING, Prc.  The Chinese government announced Sunday that it will provide funding to Planned Parenthood, a womens health organization which the U.S. House of Representatives voted last week to defund. Li Bin, who heads Chinas National Health and Family Planning Commission, said China will contribute $528 million to Planned Parenthood for the 2016 fiscal year in exchange for the continued donation of tissue samples which China plans to apply towards stem cell research.\nChina is committed to working towards a better future, not just for the Chinese people but for all people around the world, Li said. It is for this reason we have entered into a partnership with Planned Parenthood. It is not Chinas intention to meddle in Americas political affairs, but nonetheless a womans right to medical treatment should not be jeopardized by the ever-changing political climate.\nIn accordance with the agreement, Planned Parenthood will ship fetal tissue samples to several Chinese biomedical research and testing facilities on a monthly basis. Chinese scientists will then use the fetal tissue for a variety of medical related experiments including stem cell research and cloning. China is committed to the advancement of human life through medical research, Li said.\nThe Chinese government provides abortion services to women upon request except for the purpose of sex-selection, a method by which an expectant mother terminates the fetus based on the predicted sex of the child. China has historically used abortion as a means for population control and although the government doesnt make public the exact number of abortions conducted annually, in 2008 it was estimated that the government performed approximately 13 million abortions. By comparison, there were an estimated 1.2 million abortions in the United States in 2008, amounting to roughly 2% of the female population.\nPlanned Parenthood came under fire recently amid allegations that the non-profit organization had been profiting off of the sale of fetal body parts. As a result, lawmakers introduced the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, which passed the House last week but conservative lawmakers are skeptical as to whether it will successfully pass a Senate vote. Republican congressmen may decide to attach a Planned Parenthood defunding measure to an upcoming federal budget bill which could jeopardize the federal governments ability to remain operational.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "China announced Sunday that it will help fund Planned Parenthood in exchange for tissue donations."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-01T17:46:35+00:00", "title": "Walmart to Burn Thousands of American Flags Amid Recall", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/walmart-to-burn-thousands-of-american-flags-following-recall/", "text": "BENTONVILLE, Ar.  Just days ahead of Fourth of July weekend, the nations leading manufacturer of American flags has issued a nationwide product recall after it was discovered that a large portion of its merchandise had come in contact with peanut allergens. We regret that our inventory was compromised and, from this point forward, we intend to take steps to ensure that all of our products meet industry standards for quality and safety, said company CEO Bradley Sanderson.\nTo avoid a potential lawsuit, retailers across the country are scrambling to remove the tainted American flags from their shelves. According to the National Institutes of Health, an estimated 150 to 200 people die each year from peanut related allergies. I would hate to have one of our valued customers die from anaphylactic shock after coming in contact with one of these flags while celebrating the birth of our great nation, said Doug Fitzgerald, Director of Sales for Party City, a discount party supply chain.\nRather than take a hit on high shipping costs associated with returning the recalled merchandise, Walmart has decided it will incinerate an estimated four hundred thousand American flags currently being held in its distribution centers. The retail giant has reportedly requisitioned an industrial waste incinerator from the City of Bentonville, where its headquarters is located. Additionally, beginning July 2nd, Walmart locations across the country will liquidate any remaining American flags on-site in supervised controlled burns.\nIn order to make up for a projected loss in revenue ahead of Independence Day, Walmart plans to offer a fifty percent discount on British flags and related merchandise through the holiday weekend. Without the British, the United States of America, and Walmart for that matter, might never have existed, said Walmart CFO Jared Sterling. So its only fitting that we honor them this weekend. Sterling said Walmart headquarters, as well as its retail locations in and around the nations capital, will fly the British flag at half mast on July 4th.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Walmart has decided it will incinerate an estimated four hundred thousand American flags currently being held in its distribution centers."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-02T10:14:25+00:00", "title": "Snyder: Flint to 'Donate' Water Supply to Southern California", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/gov-snyder-flint-donate-water-supply-southern-california/", "text": "FLINT, Mi.  Michigan governor Rick Snyder announced Tuesday morning that his office has signed a $4.3 billion deal with the state of California to construct a 2.402 mile long pipeline between the town of Flint and Los Angeles. Ive reached an agreement with Governor Jerry Brown and the state of California that will effectively put an end to the water crisis in both our states, Gov. Snyder said in a press conference Tuesday.\nResidents of Flint, located in Genesse County, Michigan, have consumed lead-tainted water since April of 2014, when the citys water department began drawing its resources from the Flint River. Prior to the switch, the City of Detroit provided Flint with drinking water for nearly half a century.\nDespite weeks of El Nino-fueled rainfall, Southern California remains in the grip of an epic drought which parts of the state have had no choice but to endure since late 2011. This charitable act will not go unnoticed by the people of California, Governor Brown said in a statement directed at the people of Flint. Michiganisfooting the $4.3 billion bill covering construction and operational costs associated with the pipeline.In an effort to lessen the burden on taxpayers, state legislators have diverted funds meant for Michigans departments of education, transportation, and health to cover a portion of it.\nIn exchange, California has agreed to provide the state of Michigan with an eleven percent discount on allagricultural exports -including almonds, apricots, pistachios, and dates,produced using Flints water supply until December of 2018.The news comes as a blessing to some Flint residents, including Katie Murphy, a thirty-nine year-old mother of two who swears by almond milk. Itsdefinitely better than cows milk, she told RealNews Right Now, continuing, I can enjoy it guilt-free knowing Im not making a negative impact on the environment.\nUpon its completion, the California-Michigan pipeline will pump an estimated sixteen million gallons of water per day from the Flint River to the City of Los Angeles where it will then be dispersed throughout Southern California.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "FLINT, Mi. - Michigan governor Rick Snyder announced that his office has signed a $4.3 billion deal with California to construct a 2.402 mile long pipeline"}
{"published_time": "2015-11-22T17:48:23+00:00", "title": "President Obama Declares War on Bees", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/obama-declares-war-on-bees/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. Exterminators were workinglate into the night this weekend in an effort to remove a honeybee infestation in the White Houses Executive Residence. The infestation has plagued the First Family for nearly a week, The Washington Post reported today.\nIts been a total disaster, said White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough. Two agents on the presidents security detail were hospitalized after sustaining over a hundred bee-stings. To make matters worse, the president has been forced to take his meals in themess hall. The White House Mess ismade upof three smalldining rooms locatedin the basementacross fromthe Situation Room andserves as an eating area for seniorWhiteHousestaff.\nThe honeybee infestation is believed to have originated somewhere in the Family Kitchen before spreading throughout the Executive Residence. The bees were first discovered late Wednesday night afterSecret Service agentswere alerted to a commotioncoming frompresidents sleeping quarters. Upon entering, agentsfound the First Ladycowering underneath a bed as thousands of honeybees swarmed around the room.\nAs of Thursday morning, the Secret Service had deemed a large portion of the Executive Residence uninhabitable. Following a Secret Service briefing, President Obama and his family were relocated to the staff quarters while the Executive Residence was sealed off.\nOver the weekend, according to Chief of StaffMcDonough, exterminators were able to eliminate approximately eight million honeybees using a variety of methods including industrial sized bug bombs. In the end theywere literally shovelingthousands of dead bees into garbage bags and carting them through the service exit, McDonough said.\nWhite House maintenance staffare working togetherwith a Washington, D.C.-area extermination company to ensure the Executive Residence ishabitable for the First Familyin time for Thanksgiving. President Obama and his family, like millions of American families, are looking forward to enjoying a bee-free Thanksgiving dinner this week, McDonough said.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - Exterminators were working into the night this weekend in an effort to eight million bees from the White House's Executive Residence."}
{"published_time": "2016-08-15T09:26:17+00:00", "title": "Police Shoot Mannequin 67 Times After Mistaking it for Gunman", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/police-shoot-department-store-mannequin-67-times-mistaking-gunman/", "text": "SCRANTON, Pa.  While responding to a call about a suspicious person in the vicinity of Viewmont Mall early Sunday morning, Scranton police opened fire on a discarded department store mannequin which they initially believed was a man armed with a handgun.\nThe mishap began shortly after 12:15 a.m. on Sunday morning when police received a call about a possible homeless man lurking in the alley behind the Macys department store on Viewmont Drive. Officers arrived on the scene to find what they believed was a muscular African-American man standing idly behind a dumpster. The individual in question was dressed in a tan hoodie-style sweatshirt and appeared to be naked from the waist down, Major Howard Colvin told theScranton Times.\nA Macys employee who agreed to speak to FOX 25 News on condition of anonymity confirmed that the dark grey semi-flexible mannequin had been thrown out Saturday night due to a faulty display stand. Our officers attempted to communicate with the suspect in an effort to resolve the matter peacefully, Major Colvin explained. However, because of the way the mannequin was stationed by the dumpster and likely due to the fact that its arms were positioned at an angle by its sides, police believed it was reaching for a weapon.\nWhen the suspect failed to comply with the officers demands, they responded with appropriate force given the perceived nature of the threat, Colvin told reporters. It wasnt until after Scranton police had fired over sixty-five rounds into the mannequins back, legs, and upper torso, that they discovered their suspect was made of wire and fiberglass rather than flesh and bone. When the individual didnt immediately respond to having been shot, officers realized something wasnt right, Colvin said.\nIn an effort to prevent future mishaps, Scranton authorities are asking local businesses to take extra care to properly disassemble mannequins and other human-like statues prior to disposal.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Scranton police opened fire on a discarded department store mannequin which they initially believed to be an African-American man armed with a handgun."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-20T15:00:58+00:00", "title": "Calls For Civil Rights Inquiry After Police Fire on Google Car", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/group-calls-for-civil-rights-investigation-after-police-fire-on-google-car/", "text": "MOUNTAIN VIEW, Ca.  Members of the Los Angeles-based Black Lives Matter movement are calling onAttorney General Loretta Lynchto launch a civil rights investigation into an incident that occurred involvingone of Googles self-driving carsandtwo officers from theMountain ViewPolice Departmentlast weekend.\nOn the morning of November 14, two GoogleAutonomous Vehicleswere traveling south on North Shore Boulevard during a scheduled test run. The cars, one white andthe other matte black, were driverless save for ahumanpassenger riding in the white vehicle whose job it was tomonitor the cars movements.\nAccording to a statement released by the Mountain View Police Department,two officers on motorcyclesobserved a black vehicle driving erratically in the southbound lane of N. Shore Boulevard.Policeimmediately activated their emergency lights,signaling to the matte black Google car that it should pull over. Police say the driverless car did not immediately comply, butupon pulling over, itdid so in a threatening manner.\nDue to an apparentfeed malfunction on both officers body cameras,its unclear exactly what transpired once the Google car had safely pulled over on the side of the road but moments later police opened fire on theautonomous vehicle, unleashing a total of eighty-one rounds into it.\nDataprovided by Googleshows bothdriverless cars were traveling at the exact same speed oftwenty-five miles per hour at the time of the incident. Mountain View police have not said whyofficerschose to pull over the black car rather than the white one. Id be surprised if they even noticed the white car to begin with, said Precious Jackson, a spokeswoman forBlack Lives Matter. This just goes to show that racial profiling is no longer limited to human beings.\nThe L.A.-based chapter of Black Lives Matter is hosting a candlelight vigil in honor of the matte black Google Autonomous Vehicle outside of Googles Mountain View headquarters on Saturday, November 29th at 6 p.m., according to a statement posted on the groups website.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Members of the Los Angeles-based Black Lives Matter movement are calling on Attorney General Loretta Lynch to launch a civil rights investigation..."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-22T11:24:55+00:00", "title": "Pa. Man Arrested in 'ISIS Inspired Plot' to Assist Refugees\u00a0", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/pennsylvania-man-arrested-in-isis-inspired-plot-to-provide-food-clothing-to-refugees/", "text": "SCRANTON, Pa.  Police in Scranton, Pennsylvania, acting on a tip from a vigilant neighbor, arrested an Arab American man early Tuesday morning on suspicion that he conspired to provide material support to the Islamic State.\nPolice say that in early October of 2015, twenty-eight year-old Tariq al-Khaldi began amassing a cache of food, clothing, and assorted toiletries in the spare bedroom of his two-bedroom condo. Authorities allege the Lebanese-born al-Khaldi intended to disperse the items at a local community center housing Syrian Refugees.\nSpeaking to reporters this morning, Lackawanna County District Attorney Kevin Masterson said the FBI is assisting Scranton police in their investigation into Mr. al-Khaldi. Theyre primarily focusing on Mr. al-Khaldis internet search history and cell phone records, Masterson said, adding that authorities are trying to determine if al-Khaldi could be involved in a larger plot to kill Americans.\nAl-Khaldis Facebook page lists him as a Catholic, and sources say hes been known to regularly attend Sunday Services at Saint Peters Cathedral in Scranton, but al-Khaldis landlord, Cathy Burte, has doubts. He doesnt look like any Christian Ive ever seen, Burte told FOX 56 News. Referring to al-Khaldis Lebanese heritage, Burte said, I have a hard time believing a Christian would even live in that part of the world.\nSeveral ominous posts on social media seem to support Burtes suspicions. Most notably, on April 5, 2015, a-Khaldi posted a picture depicting Jesus rising from the grave with a tagline proclaiming, God is great! While deceptively positive, the phrase God is great is English for Allah akbar, a term commonly used by Islamic extremists.\nAl-Khaldis arrest comes on the heels of the nations most recent mass shooting at the hands of ISIS inspired extremists on December 2 in San Bernardino, California. The attack, which left twelve dead and dozens more wounded, reignited existing fears that Islamic extremists posing as Syrian refugees could be infiltrating the United States in droves.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "SCRANTON, Pa. \u2013 Police in Scranton, Pennsylvania, acting on a tip from a vigilant neighbor, arrested an Arab American man early Tuesday morning on suspicion that he conspired to provide material support to the Islamic State. Police say that in early October of 2015, twenty-eight year-old Tariq al-Khaldi began amassing a cache of food, clothing, \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-01-26T08:40:54+00:00", "title": "NSA Upgrades Cyber Defenses Following Data Breach", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/nsa-to-upgrade-cyber-defenses-after-data-breach/", "text": "FORT MEADE, Md.  In a rare press release, the National Security Agency on Tuesday announced it has upgraded its cyber defenses after a security breach late last year left the intelligence agency vulnerable to attack. Following an incident that occurred in November of 2015, NSA has reviewed and updated its security protocols, the agency said in a statement posted on its website.\nThe incident in question occurred just weeks before Thanksgiving on November 7, 2015, when an apparent computer glitch resulted in a sequence of highly classified nuclear launch codes, known as Gold Codes, to become embedded on the front page of the NSAs official website. According to the NSA, the codes, which are provided to the president for the purpose of authorizing a nuclear attack, were only exposed for a period of seven minutes.\nHowever, according to a high-ranking NORAD official with knowledge of the incident, hackers were still able to access the codes despite their short appearance online. Within minutes of discovering the classified data, the official told The Washington Post,a launch sequence was remotely established at a hardened missile silo located at Francis E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming. Moments later, a rouge LGM-30G Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile left its silo.\nArmed with aW87thermonuclear warhead, the ballistic missile passed over Nevada and California before plunging into the Pacific Ocean nearly two hundred miles off the coast of Southern California, where it detonated underwater. Immediately following the incident, the U.S. Navy claimed the fully armed ICBM, which was seen by hundreds of people across two states, was actually an unarmed submarine-launched Trident missile, fired as part of a planned missile test.\nThe U.S. intelligence community has yet to identify the hackers responsible for the NSAs data breach but officials are confident that with the new security protocols in place, a repeat of last Novembers mishap is unlikely to happen again, at least in the foreseeable future.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "FORT MEADE, Md. - In a rare press release, the National Security Agency announced it has upgraded its cyber defenses after a security breach late last year."}
{"published_time": "2016-05-04T14:02:40+00:00", "title": "Portland to Allow Furries to Defecate, Mate in City Dog Parks", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/portland-city-council-votes-to-allow-furries-to-defecate-mate-in-dog-parks/", "text": "PORTLAND, Or.  Portlands city council on Wednesday voted 3 to 1 in favor of the Equal Use Act, a new resolution granting individuals who identify asfurriesthe same rights afforded to dogs and their respective owners who frequent popular off-leash areas and dog parks in the greater Portland area.\nThe decision comes on the heels of a four-day sit-in organized by PDX Furs, a regional furry community based in the Portland metro area, which staged the protest at Portlands city council offices on Milwaukie Avenue last weekend. This is a huge victory, said Bo Kirkman. Not just for furries here in Portland but furries living all across the United States.\nBo, a former kindergarten teacher and self-described furry rights advocate, told thePortland Tribune that he identifies as a dog. Its one thing to say you cant bring your cat or your ferret or whatever to the off-leash areas because obviously theyre not dogs. But if I want to go to the park and play with my owner, well as a canine, that should be my right.\nNow, thanks to the City of Portland, Bo and his fellow furries can take advantage of the citys designated off-leash areas. Provided they respect and adhere to the posted rules and regulations at our city parks, said Public Affairs commissioner Dan Saltzman who sits on the city council and voted in favor of the resolution.\nAccording to the City of Portlands officialwebsite, dog park visitors are expected to pick up and dispose of their pets waste and are advised to leave sick animals at home. In an effort to prevent the spread of disease, we ask that owners refrain from allowing their dogs  or furries  drink from standing water, Saltzman said.\nHowever, not everyone is celebrating the new resolution.. I think its rediculous, said council-member Amanda Fritz who sits on the Portland Parks Board and voted against the proposal. Were allowing people in costumes to frolic about and fornicate to their hearts content in our public parks.\nMrs. Fritz may be alone in her sentiments. Portland mayor Charlie Hales told theDaily Journal of Commercethat the Equal Use Act is synonymous with Portlands unofficial slogan. Keep Portland weird, quoted Mayor Hales before adding, That is precisely what we intend to do.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Portland's city council voted in favor of the Equal Use Act, a new resolution granting individuals who identify as furries the same rights afforded to dogs."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-01T07:06:54+00:00", "title": "NSA Shuts Down Domestic Surveillance Apparatus", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/nsa-shuts-down-domestic-surveillance-apparatus-as-patriot-act-expires/", "text": "FORT MEADE, Md.  At approximately 7:44 p.m. Sunday night, the National Security Agency pulled the plug on its controversial domestic surveillance program. Ruled unconstitutional and illegal by a federal appeals court, the program, based on Section 215 of the Patriot Act, allowed for massive meta-data collection of millions of Americans phone records.\nHours before the scheduled shutdown of its surveillance program, in a rare public relations move, the NSA invited a select group of journalists, including this reporter and CNN contributor Paul Begala, on a heavily restricted tour of its headquarters in Fort Meade to witness, firsthand, the end of its meta-data collection operation.\nJoined by other members of the media, I arrived at NSA headquarters shortly after 6 p.m. Sunday and was promptly greeted by a smiling Admiral Michael S. Rogers, Director of the National Security Agency. Over coffee and donuts, Rogers gave us a brief history of the NSAs mission before turning us over to Jacob Hersch, who headed the department responsible for collecting Americans phone data. Hersch, like Rogers, was all smiles as he told us the NSA was just happy to finally be in compliance with U.S. law and that, beginning Monday, the agency will turn over a new leaf and enter an age of government transparency.\nFollowing a scripted and well-choreographed tour of the facility, we were escorted to a service elevator which Hersch said would take us to a ultra-secure level where the domestic spying program was run. Upon exiting the elevator we were met with a brief security checkpoint before descending down two flights of stairs and up a third, at which point we reached a solid white door bearing the inscription Restricted Access  Meta-Data Collection Center. The door unlocked with a loud click after Hersch used a retinal scanner embedded in the wall to confirm his identity.\nThe NSAs Meta-Data Collection Center is a solid white room about half the size of a high school gymnasium. The floors, appearing to be well-polished linoleum, further add to the feel of a sterilized atmosphere. The room is filled with rows upon rows of jet-black servers which, Hersch informed us, contain intimate details regarding millions of Americans phone activity. Near the back of the room, centered between two rows of quietly humming servers, sits a single computer terminal, which, upon close inspection, Paul Begala noted is a 2005 Dell Dimension. Displayed prominently on the monitor are the words Meta-Data Collection Center Operations Hub.\nBeyond the computer terminal, on the far wall, is a remarkably large red button encased in glass and, stenciled in large black lettering just above it, is the word OFF. At 7:40 p.m. Hersch announced that the NSA would terminate the data collection program sixteen minutes ahead of the scheduled 8 p.m. shutdown. Then, at exactly 7:44 p.m., Hersch, using a small baton, broke the glass surrounding the red button before firmly striking it with the palm of his hand. An eerie silence fell over the room as the NSAs controversial domestic spying program came to an abrupt end.\nThe silence was unexpectedly broken by a familiar popping sound, which turned out to be the uncorking of a champagne bottle held by Director Rogers, who had quietly entered the room moments before shutdown. Rogers poured himself, Mr. Hersch, and each journalist a glass of champagne before offering a toast to freedom. Then, quite unexpectedly, the Director of the National Security Agency and his subordinate, Mr. Hersch, began to sing America the Beautiful in its entirety as I and other members of the media looked on with a mixture of confusion and awe.\nFollowing the ceremony, and prior to our departure from NSA headquarters, each member of the media was presented with a gift bag bearing the official seal of the National Security Agency. Upon closer inspection, the bags were found to contain a bottle of Poland Spring water, a granola bar, an apple, an RFID chip, and a pamphlet detailing each respective member of the medias movements over the last 72 hours, complete with satellite imagery.\nPresident Obama expressed deep concern Friday afternoon regarding the expiration of the USA Patriot Act. During a press conference, the President said Congress inability to renew the authorities granted under the Patriot Act puts the United States in danger and for a certain period of time, those authorities go away and suddenly we are dark, and heaven forbid, weve got a problem where we could have prevented a terrorist attack or apprehended someone who was engaged in dangerous activity. Congress is expected to renew some of the provisions detailed in the Patriot Act later this week.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "At approximately 7:44 p.m. Sunday night, the National Security Agency pulled the plug on its controversial domestic surveillance program."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-12T12:26:11+00:00", "title": "Air Force Fighters Shoot Down Rogue Weather Balloon Over Arizona", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/air-force-fighters-shoot-down-rogue-weather-balloon-over-arizona-desert/", "text": "PHOENIX, Az.  Air Force fighter jets shot down an errant weather balloon over the Arizona desert on Friday, a spokesperson for Luke Air Force Base toldThe Arizona Republic. We received a call from NORAD informing us that an unauthorized object had entered Arizona airspace, said Brigadier General J.B. Harris, commander of the 56th Fighter Wing.\nShortly after receiving the call, two F-35 Joint Strike Fighters took off from Luke AFB. The fighter pilots, according to Brig. Gen. Harris, had orders to bring down the weather balloon before it could reach the city of Phoenix, where a ground impact could potentially cause damage to local homes and businesses. Our pilots made contact with the object at approximately 2:55 a.m. local time, Brig. Gen. Harris said. At that time they were able to safely bring down the object in a remote area north of Prescott National Forest.\nAs of Friday morning, a joint task force made up of soldiers from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and agents from the FBIs Phoenix office were on the scene to assist with the cleanup effort. Due to unusually high levels of radiation coming from the debris field, weve cordoned off a five-mile perimeter around the crash site, FBI Special Agent Adam Cooke told FOX 10 Phoenix, adding that members of the media as well as the general public have been asked to maintain a safe distance to allow authorities space to do their job.\nAccording to Rusty Anderson, a retired airline pilot and amateur astronomer living in the Phoenix area, guidance systems found in modern weather balloons contain trace amounts of radioactive material which allow them to become more visible on traditional radar. Simply put, it works as a sort of beacon, Rusty toldReal News Right Now.\nLocated roughly fifteen miles west of Phoenix, Luke Air Force Base hosts a multinational pilot training center and is home to a number of aircraft including Lockheed Martins next-generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Fighter jets shot down an errant weather balloon over the Arizona desert on Friday, a spokesperson for Luke Air Force Base told The Arizona Republic."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-18T04:08:05+00:00", "title": "Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center to Open in Arizona", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/benghazi-theme-park-and-educational-center-to-open-in-arizona/", "text": "KINGMAN, Az.  From a distance, the Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center could pass for one of the many Anglo Territorial dwellings that pepper the eastern edge of the Mojave Desert. However, by the time you reach Fourth Ring Road, the picturesque Arizonan landscape gives way to a dusty narrow street lined with palm and date trees, flanked by the occasional dilapidated Toyota or Hyundai.\nThe Trump Organization, proprietor of the Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center, has worked hard to maintain a sense of realism and authenticity that is not lost on its visitors.\nI and two other journalists from NBC Nightly News have been invited to partake in a private tour of the theme park a few months ahead of its scheduled grand opening. Upon passing through the theme parks rear entrance, located just off Fourth Ring Road, we are met with a guard-house staffed by six theme park employees wearing Libyan police uniforms and armed with realistic looking AK-47 assault rifles. They wave us into the compound showing little interest.\nOnce inside the gate, we disembark from our vehicle and are promptly greeted by Andrew McKee, the theme parks General Manager. After asking us to sign a waiver, McKee explains the purpose of the Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center is to present visitors with a realistic and unadulterated view of the events that took place at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi on September 11, 2012.\nMcKee explains that upon entering the theme park, we will witness, firsthand, a four-hour reenactment of the assault on the U.S. Consulate by Al Qaeda fighters. Here at the Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center, we employ a staff of roughly two hundred and fifty actors of Middle Eastern and African descent who play the role of the Islamic militants that carried out the worst terrorist attack on American soil since September 11, 2001, McKee said, adding, Throughout each reenactment, we utilize approximately three and a half million dollars worth of pyrotechnics.\nJust before dark, we are ushered through the large oak double doors leading into the U.S. Consulate building, where each of us receives a glossy index card, similar to those distributed at the Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C., which feature one of the Americans killed during the attack. We are told that, during the reenactment, each of us will follow the final moments of the American whose name and picture appears on the card. I have received U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith.\nWithin moments of receiving our index cards, the sound of automatic gunfire can be heard from somewhere outside the compound. Then, the power to the Consulate goes out, save for a few dimly lit emergency lights, followed by the roar of an alarm. I can hear sounds of sporadic gunfire getting progressively louder, then suddenly, without warning, I am thrown into my colleague from NBC Nightly News as a massive explosion hits the side of the building.\nWe are engulfed in thick black smoke and I can feel the intense heat from the blast all over my body. We are choking and clawing our way to safety as Al Qaeda fighters outside lob grenades over the wall surrounding the U.S. Consulate. Simultaneously, militants are pouring into the compound under a volley of automatic weapons fire backed by truck-mounted artillery and anti-aircraft guns. Amid the chaos, we are told we have to reach the safe haven, a secure room within the Consulate.\nSomeone shoves what turns out to be an M4 carbine into my arms as Im told I must defend myself and protect the Ambassador. Another explosion rocks the building as we attempt to navigate the dark corridor. I feel a rush of hope wash over me as someone shouts that a Quick Reaction Force has been summoned, yet, in the end, we never encounter them.\nWe are abruptly directed into a room and given a brief respite from the intense violence happening outside. It takes me a moment to get my bearings before I realize were in a dark bedroom. In the corner of the room, in the bed, there appears to be a woman resembling Hillary Clinton sound asleep, and next to her, on the nightstand, I can make out the greenish glow of an alarm clock reading 3 a.m. I suddenly realize a telephone has been ringing nonstop since we entered the room.\nAs quickly as we came in, we are rushed out of the room into an ultra-violent madness that seems to grow more intense by the second. Most of the Consulate is on fire now and we encounter groups of Al Qaeda fighters who are clad in flak jackets and ski masks, shouting Allahu Akbar while charging us with machine guns.\nFollowing the end of the four-hour reenactment, we are met, once again, by Andrew McKee, who passes out bottled water and granola bars, while thanking us for coming to the Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center to witness this tragic and avoidable moment in American history. We are then asked to make a purchase at the Gift Shop before departing the theme park, I dont find anything particularly appealing in the shop, which is mostly stocked with conservative literature, but I end up buying a Limited Edition Lego U.S. Consulate Benghazi set for my nephew.\nThe Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center is due to officially open September 11, 2015 and offers group rates as well as individual tickets which can be purchased online or by calling the theme park directly. The standard fee for adults as $49.99, however seniors and children under 12 are eligible for a heavily discounted price of $9.11.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Benghazi Theme Park and Educational Center could pass for one of the many Anglo Territorial dwellings that pepper the eastern edge of the Mojave Desert."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-18T01:16:33+00:00", "title": "Saudi Billionaire Begins Construction of 'Western Mecca' in Wy.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/saudi-billionaire-begins-construction-of-western-mecca-in-wyoming/", "text": "RIYADH, Sb.  When Sheikh Mohammed Kamel Alsaud purchased the small town of Buford, Wyoming from a Vietnamese entrepreneur last year for $1.8 million, his lifelong dream of bringing Islam to America was one step closer to becoming a reality.\nI have fond memories of spending summers on the Mediterranean aboard my fathers yacht. On occasion wed visit the Gulf [of Mexico] to entertain his American clients, Alsaud told Forbes magazine. Even as a child, I was always struck by the distinct lack of mosques in the U.S., but they say what America lacks in mosques, it makes up tenfold in prisons.\nAlsaud has hired the Binladen Group, a Saudi Arabian construction company founded in 1931 by Mohammed Bin Laden, to develop the $650 million project. Dubbed the Mecca of the West by Shiekh Alsaud, the site is designed to replicate the original Mecca,birthplace of the Prophet Muhammad and the most sacred site inthe Islamic faith, locatedin Hejaz, Saudi Arabia.\nLike the original holy city, only Muslims are permitted access to the Mecca of the West. However, Alsaud told Forbes, Our non-Muslim patrons will have the option to view the holy shrine using high-end telescopes installed at way-points around the perimeter. The telescopes, according to Alsaud, are pay-per-view and cost $15 to operate. A fair price in comparison to that which our Muslim brothers and sisters will pay to make their annual pilgrimage to Buford, Alsaud said.\nShiekh Alsaud plans to have the entire complex up and running in time for thenext annualHajj pilgrimage. As a way of giving thanks to Allah, Ive pledged to cover travel costs and lodging for the first five hundred-thousand pilgrims who dutifully put their lives on hold nextyear in honor of the Prophet Muhammed, Alsaud said.\nMecca of the Westwill hold its grand openingat the beginning of thesecond weekof September, 2016.The site, whichhas a maximum capacity of 750,000, will include a Chic-fil-A restaurant, a small hospital, and twelve hotels, four of which are five-star establishments.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "When Sheikh Mohammed Alsaud purchased the small town in Wyoming, his lifelong dream of bringing Mecca to the U.S. was one step closer to becoming a reality."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-25T01:55:02+00:00", "title": "Pocket Beagles to Assist Troops in Combat, U.S. Army Says", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/pocket-beagles-to-assist-troops-in-combat-u-s-army-says/", "text": "ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, Md.  The United States Army announced today it has reached the final phases of training forapproximately 5,800 Pocket Beaglesin conjunction with Operation Safety Paws, a program designed to assist and protecttroops in combat zones. The Pocket Beagles have been trained exclusively inexplosive ordnance disposal and detection and will be deployed with the Armys 71st Ordnance Group 79th Battalion which falls under the 20thChemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and high-yieldExplosives, or CBRNE, Command.\nSergeant Major Phillip Dickerson, of the 71st Ordnance Disposal Group Command, spoke withWBAL, an NBC affiliate,regarding Operation Safety Paws. Weve been lucky enough to work with a great group of people from PETA who have done their partin providing us withrescuedPocket Beaglesfrom puppy mills across the country. These animals are being given a second chance at life and the opportunity to protect our men and women in uniform.\nJudging from early reports on the ground, the rigorous training program is yielding positive results. An Army EOD unit assistingspecial operations forcesnear Bagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan late last year received twelve Pocket Beagles as part of a Joint Special Operations deployment package.\nSpecialoperations forceswere notified by members of the Afghan National Army of a potential roadside bomb on the outskirts of a townapproximately one kilometer from their position,Sergent Major Dickerson explained.Army EOD operators approached the site from a safe distance and deployed five Pocket Beagles. The dogs were able to locate the IED, which judging by the blast, was a direct chargedevice in the neighborhood of300 pounds. Dickerson added that while all five Pocket Beagles were incinerated in the blast, theywerecredited with savinghundreds of Afghan and American lives.\nThis reporter spokewith Corporal Anita Campbell-Green who oversees the Armys Pocket Beagle training program at Aberdeen Proving Ground. Historically German Shepherds have been used for EOD operations but were finding Pocket Beagles are much more suitable for thetask. They have the ability to get into hard-to-reach places that larger dogs struggle with, in addition topossessing above average intelligence and a keen ability to track, Campbell-Green said. Their size provides our servicemen and women with a tactical advantage in that they are able to carry up to three Pocket Beagles in pouches on their gear.\nPETA, working in conjunction with Joining Forces, a White House initiative launched by Michelle Obama and Dr. Jill Biden in 2011, will be placing Pocket Beagles returning from combat tours into positions with local law enforcement agencies across the country.PETA spokesman Travis Coates adds, This is an effort to assimilate the dogs with society and allow them tocontinue to serve the American public.\nPocket Beagles who havesustained injuries during their deployment will be placed with Operation Delta Dog to assist other wounded veterans, particularly those suffering from PTSD. By providing thesedogs with the same opportunities and admiration we extend toreturning servicemen and women, we uphold our commitment to the ethical treatment of animals, said Coates.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The U.S. Army announced today it has reached the final phases of training for approximately 5,800 Pocket Beagles in conjunction with Operation Safety Paws."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-12T10:43:01+00:00", "title": "Police Use Bomb Robot to Search Vehicle During Traffic Stop", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/police-ohio-use-bomb-robot-search-vehicle-traffic-stop/", "text": "CLEVELAND, Oh.  Police in Cleveland, Ohio, used a bomb disposal robot to conduct a search of a suspicious vehicle during a traffic stop over the weekend, a spokesperson for the citys police department confirmed on Monday.\nAt approximately 1:15 p.m. on Sunday, July 10, a patrol officer observed a burgundy Chevrolet Caprice with a broken tail light traveling north on Carter Road, Sergeant Phil Cerreta told reporters. The officer initiated a traffic stop and upon approaching the vehicle, observed an African-American male, whom he believed to be in his early thirties, in the drivers seat.\nWhen questioned by the officer as to why he was sweating profusely, thirty-four year-old DeShawn Hamilton allegedly stated that his air conditioning was broken. Sergeant Cerreta said the patrol officer then asked Hamilton to step out of the car and place his hands behind his back. The suspect was placed in the back of a patrol car while the officer contact dispatch to request the assistance of a K-9 unit, Cerreta said.\nHowever, at the time the departments K-9 units were working a Black Lives Matter protest in downtown Cleveland. Instead, two officers with the SWAT teams Explosive Disposal Unit arrived on the scene to assist in the vehicle search. At the time, officers saw no other option but to utilize the bomb robot to conduct the search, Sergeant Cerreta explained, adding that officers fitted an explosive typically used to destroy suspicious devices on the robots extendable arm before positioning it next to Hamiltons vehicle.\nThe ensuing explosion emitted a powerful shockwave that temporarily disabled communications equipment inside the officers vehicles. Once the smoke settled, police moved in to survey the scene and, in the process, discovered a small amount of marijuana approximately sixty yards from the vehicles wreckage. Officers determined the contraband had come from Mr. Hamiltons vehicle, Cerreta said. Mr. Hamilton was immediately taken into custody and charged with possession of marijuana with the intent to distribute.\nThe decision by Cleveland police to use the bomb disposal robot comes less than a week after police in Dallas, Texas, used a similar robot to end a tense standoff with a suspect who had allegedly shot and killed five police officers and wounded seven others.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Police in Cleveland, Ohio, used a bomb robot to conduct a search of a vehicle during a traffic stop over the weekend, a spokesperson for the..."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-04T10:45:32+00:00", "title": "New York to Test Less-Lethal Injection on Repeat Offenders", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/ny-to-become-first-state-to-test-less-lethal-injection-on-repeat-offenders/", "text": "THE BRONX, Ny.  The New York Department of Corrections and Community Supervision announced today that it will start the first round of testing this week for a soon-to-be nationwide program meant to deter repeat offenders from committing future crimes. The new program, known as Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy, is modeled after the three-drug combination which many states use against those condemned to die by lethal injection.\nAs of Monday, New York Citys main jail complex, known as Rikers Island, will become the first U.S. prison to implement Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy. The prisons North Infirmary now houses several rehabilitation chambers similar in design to the execution chamber at San Quentin State Prison in California.\nFollowing intake, inmates deemed eligible for rehabilitation therapy undergo a brief psychological evaluation before being transferred to the infirmary ward, said Assistant Deputy Warden James L. Rosa. Eligibility is determined based on any prior convictions the inmate might have and whether or not theyve previously served time in a New York state correctional facility, Rosa explained.\nOnce prison officials have deemed an inmate eligible for Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy, they are transferred to the rehabilitation chamber where they are strapped down on a gurney while specially trained members of the infirmary staff prep them for the procedure. The reason you often hear this process referred to as less lethal injection is because its quite simply that. Once the drugs are administered, the inmate is immediately subjected to incomprehensible pain, Assistant Deputy Warden Rosa said. The procedure is meant to simulate imminent death, he continued. The desired outcome, of course, is that the experience will leave the inmate with a renewed desire to abandon a life of crime all together.\nThe main difference between Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy and lethal injection, according to Dr. Jay Goldberg, the programs founder, is the elimination of pentobarbital. In 2010, pentobarbital replaced sodium thiopentalas the first drug administered during the execution process. Pentobarbital is an ultra-fast acting drug that, upon injection, renders the recipient into a medically induced coma within a matter of seconds.\nWhat weve done is remove the anesthetic aspect from the equation, Dr. Goldberg said, continuing, The patient is completely awake and alert throughout the entire procedure. Prison staff then administer an injection of pancuronium bromide, a non-depolarizing muscle relaxant which induces moderate paralysis of the respiratory system and simulates suffocation. This is immediately followed by a second injection of potassium chloride which affects the electrical conduction of the heart muscle.\nUnder normal circumstances, this combination would result in a total collapse of the respiratory system followed by a massive cardiac arrest and subsequent death, Dr. Goldberg explained. But for the purpose of rehabilitation, were administering a non-lethal dose. Dr. Goldberg would not disclose the specific dosage used for each drug but said preliminary testing on lab rats proved the dosages to be non fatal in eight out of ten cases.\nDr. Goldberg stressed that Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy was designed to performed on inmates who are considered by the state to be repeat offenders. The idea is that our program will prevent recidivism. Habitual offenders will be far less likely to continue down a path of self-destruction after experiencing Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy, Dr. Goldberg predicted. In essence, it gives many offenders a firsthand look at what for so many others is a last stop: the execution chamber. But unlike so many others, these inmates will receive a second chance to do the right thing.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Known as Chemical Rehabilitation Therapy, it is modeled after the three-drug combination which many states use for lethal injection."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-05T13:03:33+00:00", "title": "Virginia Man Found Dead in Apparent Suicide", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/virginia-man-found-dead-in-apparent-suicide/", "text": "MCLEAN, Va. A small Northern Virginia townis on lockdown after police discoveredthe body of a manwho had been shot in the head in a local park this morning.At approximately 10:28 a.m. ESTFairfax County policeencountered a man lying facedown inMcLean Central Park. The manappeared to havedied from a recentgunshot wound.\nThe individual in question was found holding a revolver in his right hand, Fairfax Countys Chief of Police, Terrence Robinson said during a press briefing moments ago. Policeare not ruling out the possibility the mancould be the victim of a mass shooting.Our officers are treating this as an active shooter situation, Chief Robinson said, adding thatmembers ofFairfax Countys SWAT team are in the process of searching the park for more bodies.\nInvestigatorssay the man, who has yet to be identified, was found with a scrap of paper resembling a suicide notein his breast pocket. At this time were working under the assumption that the real shooter -or shooters, may have planted the note as well asthe gun on the body to act assome sort ofdiversion, Chief Robinson said.\nIts just very peculiar when you havea single fatality that appears toinvolve a firearm, said Fox News correspondent Riley Weston reportingfrom an adjacent parking lot indowntown McLean where various media crews have assembled. Investigators are trying to look at this objectively, but you have to ask yourself, why would someone take their own life without taking others with them?\nAlaw enforcement official with first-handknowledge of the investigation agreed with Westons sentiments, telling Real News Right Now, As with any situation involving the loss of life, its verydifficult to wrap your head around. But in this case in particular we have what at first glance appears to be single victim; it just doesnt make sense.\nPolice haveyet to determinea motive behind the shootingbut as CNNs chieflaw-enforcement expert, former FBI Special Agent Enrique Torres, pointed out, Its still very early in the investigation and right now authorities are being very careful not to release any information about the victim or the shooter. Theyre working to gather evidence in hopes of painting a picture that will hopefullyshed some lighton what lead to this tragedy. Torres continued, Before a motive can be established, authorities will have totake a close look at the suspects mental health and religion which, I imagine,is their top priority right now.\nMoments ago several armored vehiclesbelonging to the Virginia State PoliceEmergency Response Team, including an MRAP,arrived in downtown McLean. Police haveexpanded the perimeteraround the crime sceneandtactical teams are preparing toconduct door to door searches of homes and businesses in the surrounding area.\nAgents from the FBIs Washington field office arrived in downtown McLean just after 12:30 p.m. before setting up a command center in the parking lot of a nearby shopping center. Local authorities have reportedly handed the investigation over to the FBI. While referring to the shooting as a possible suicide, FBI spokesman Agent Daniel Torrington told reporters the Bureau is trying to determine whether or not the victim and the shooter are one in the same and more importantly, if they have any links to the Islamic State.\nPresident Barack Obama is expected to deliver an address to the nation from the East Wing of the White House at 1:30 p.m. EST.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MCLEAN, Va. \u2013\u00a0A small Northern Virginia town\u00a0is on lockdown after police discovered\u00a0the body of a man\u00a0who had been shot in the head in a local park this morning.\u00a0At approximately 10:28 a.m. EST\u00a0Fairfax County police\u00a0encountered a man lying facedown in\u00a0McLean Central Park. The man\u00a0appeared to have\u00a0died from a recent\u00a0gunshot wound. \u201cThe individual in question was found \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-03-26T09:59:18+00:00", "title": "N.C. Lawmakers Propose Legislation Allowing for LGBT-Only Restrooms", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/n-c-lawmakers-propose-legislation-allowing-for-lgbt-only-restrooms/", "text": "RALEIGH, N.C.  In response to backlash from rights groups over the passing of a lawthat blocks local governments from passing anti-discrimination rules which could protect gay and transgender people, North Carolina governor Pat McCroy on Saturday proposed new legislation that would give the LGBT community their own restrooms and changing facilities at both public and privately owned venues.\nWhat were proposing here is very similar to what you saw in the 50s when blacks and whites were assigned separate bathrooms and drinking fountains, Governor McCroy explained. Its a very fair proposal and, frankly, I think its something that folks on both sides can learn to embrace and appreciate.\nIf passed, the new law would require people who identify as gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender to use state-approved bathrooms and changing facilities that are, according to Governor McCroy, located a safe distance from facilities frequented by children and the elderly. Specifically, the law states that LGBT-only restrooms must be stationed no less than fifty yards away from traditional facilities.\nFirst and foremost, this is about protecting our children from predators, declared Gov. McCroy, who added the LGBT-only facilities are merely the first step in a series of measures meant to keep children out of harms way. In the coming months, my office will propose further legislation that, when signed into law, will require any North Carolina resident over the age of thirteen who identifies as a homosexual or transgender individual, to submit their personal information to a mandatory LGBT registry maintained by state law enforcement.\nGovernor McCroy warned that failure to do so would result in a one-year prison sentence and a $25,000 fine. Again, this is only meant to ensure the safety of our children, the governor reiterated. The North Carolina House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the legislation in late April, but a source inside the governors office said lawmakers may decided to call an emergency session next week to guarantee the bill passes.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "RALEIGH, N.C. \u2013 In response to backlash from rights groups over the passing of a law\u00a0that blocks local governments from passing anti-discrimination rules which could protect gay and transgender people, North Carolina governor Pat McCroy on Saturday proposed new legislation that would give the LGBT community their own restrooms and changing facilities at both public \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-03-02T11:49:34+00:00", "title": "Hair Club President Sy Sperling Overthrown in 'Hairless' Coup", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/hair-club-for-men-president-sy-sperling-overthrown-in-hairless-coup/", "text": "BOCA RATON, Fl.  Sy Sperling, the president and self-proclaimed client of the Hair Club for Men was deposed by a group of heavily armed hooligans believed to be affiliated with Rogaine, the number one dermatologist-recommended brand for hair regrowth, early Wednesday morning.\nIn a video shot from within a ransacked conference room inside the Hair Club for Mens Boca Raton headquarters, several masked individuals brandishing AK-47 assault rifles and rocket-propelled grenades declare with vicious zeal that the Hair Club For Men has been absorbed by its competitor and rival Rogaine in an effort to consolidate power over the hair loss treatment industry.\nThis marks the dawn of a new era, proclaims one man, who authorities believe to be the groups ringleader. The man, who has not yet been identified, has an unusually thick head of hair for his age, according to an FBI agent with knowledge of the investigation.\nAt one point, one of the ruffians drags the dethroned Sperling in front of the camera and shoves him violently to the ground. The clearly disheveled Hair Club for Men president appears to beg for mercy as another lawless miscreant forcibly grabs him from behind while unsheathing from his belt what authorities believe is anAndis Ceramic BGR+cordless hair clipper.\nSperlings vain attempts to save himself come to a horrific end as two rather heavyset goons restrain him while the groups ruthless leader uses the Andis Ceramic BGR+ to methodically shear Sperlings full-bodied auburn hair from is scalp. Amid bursts of celebratory gunfire, the chief henchman, in an apparent show of victory, thrusts a handful of Sperlings robust hair into the camera for all to see.\nAs of Wednesday, the fate of the Hair Club for Men remains uncertain but authorities say evidence gathered at the scene in downtown Boca Raton seems to suggest that Sy Sperling is no longer the companys acting president or, for that matter, a client.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Sy Sperling, the president and client of the Hair Club for Men was deposed by a group of heavily armed hooligans believed to be affiliated with Rogaine."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-20T01:45:06+00:00", "title": "San Diego Baker Refuses to Make Cake for Iraq War Veteran", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/san-diego-baker-refuses-to-make-cake-for-disabled-iraq-war-veteran/", "text": "SAN DIEGO, Ca.  All Ahmed Nazariwanted for his birthday, other than to spend time with his friends and family, was a triple chocolate ice cream cake. But when the fifty-five year-old Iraq war veteran went to Jakes Cakes, a local family owned San Diego bakery, he was astonished when the shops owner, Jake Howard, refused to take his order. He told me the idea didnt sit well with him and pointed out that as the owner, he had the right to refuse service to anyone, Ahmed told FOX 5 San Diego.\nAhmed, who is confined to a wheel chair, lost both of his legs and three fingers on his left hand after the vehicle he was in was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade during the Iran-Iraq War. It was only by the grace of God that I survived, said Ahmed. Following the end of the Iran-Iraq War in 1988, Ahmed and his family immigrated to the United States where he was later granted citizenship in 1996. I am an American, Ahmed said. For almost twenty years Ive been a citizen of this country. What have I done to deserve this treatment?\nJake Howard, a sixty-one year old former Marine, maintained his right as a business owner to refuse service, telling FOX 5 San Diego that he didnt feel comfortable serving Mr. Nazari, especially after what his people did to us on nine-eleven. Upon being informed that Mr. Nazari, who is an Iraqi-American Christian, played no role whatsoever in the attacks on Washington and New York on September 11, 2001, Mr. Howard responded, saying, Its a matter of principle.\nThe Iran-Iraq war began on September 22, 1980 when Iraq launched an air and ground invasion into Iran following a long history of border disputes. During the conflict, which lasted nearly eight years, Iraq was believed to have used chemical weapons against Iranian and Kurdish forces. More than 1.5 million people were killed as a result of the conflict.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "When the 55 year-old Iraq war vet went to Jake's Cakes, a family owned San Diego bakery, he was astonished when the shop's owner refused to take his order."}
{"published_time": "2015-04-02T12:12:02+00:00", "title": "American Toy Maker Releases Islamic Themed Teddy Bear", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/04/american-toy-maker-to-release-islamic-themed-teddy-bear-in-effort-to-promote-religous-equality/", "text": "PAWTUCKET, R.I.  Thousands of preorders are currently rolling in for a new animatronicsteddy bear that will appear on toy store shelves across the country beginning in May. Based on a popular childrens toy from the mid 1980s, Allah Akbear the Muslim Black Bear,anIslamic themed teddy bear,is guaranteed to be a household name. The toys creator, Jonathan Weed, speaking by phone with this reporter, said the bear will help promote religious equality and awareness.\nAllah Akbear, priced at $39.95 and recommended for children ages 3 and up, comes packaged with an English translation of the Quran and small prayer mat large enough to fit Allah Akbear and a small companion. In addition, parents will find hidden in Allah Akbears backside just beneath his flowing white robe, a removable flash drive containing the complete works of moderate Muslim American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki.\nParents and children alike can activate Allah Akbears animatronics functions simply by pressing a red button located on the bears left thumb. Another button, located just beneath the removable flash drive, allows Allah Akbear to speak. As Allah Akbears mouth begins to move, the rich voice of Anwar al-Awlaki comes flowing out.\nCollectors will be pleased to learn that the first 500,000 units on sale are limited editions containing a free one year audio subscription to Inspire Magazine, an online publication which children can use to learn about Islamic culture and practices.\nAllah Akbear is set to hit stores just two weeks before the start of Ramadan, but for those who cant wait, an ultra-rare limited edition will be available for purchase online starting April 4th. With a price tag of $122, Allah Akbear the Muslim Black Bear GTMO Edition may seem expensive to some consumers. However, this rare edition of 122 custom-made teddy bears, is unique in that each bear is clad in an orange jumpsuit bearing the classification number of an actual GTMO detainee. Additionally the bears come equipped with a feeding tube and shackles to their arms and legs.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Based on a popular children's toy from the mid 80's, Allah Akbear the Muslim Black Bear, an Islamic themed teddy bear, is guaranteed to be a household name."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-29T11:05:45+00:00", "title": "Brian Williams Rescues Three Children in East Village Fire", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/brian-williams-rescues-three-children-in-east-village-building-fire/", "text": "MANHATTAN, Ny.  Recently suspended NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams is being hailed a hero for actions he took during an apartment fire last Thursday in which 22 people were injured and at least 2 are still missing. The seven-alarm fire occurred on Second Avenue and was the result of an explosion. The aftermath left three buildings destroyed and a fourth severely damaged.\nManhattan resident Keith Ramsay, who witnessed the fire, told ABC News he spotted Brian Williams on the sidewalk across the street from the blaze. He was wearing a reddish-brown track suit and, I think, drinking a latte, Ramsay recalled. Moments later, Williams personally recounted to ABC News, I heard screams coming from inside the building and was overcome with a sense of urgency to act. Drawing on my experience as a volunteer firefighter, I rushed toward the inferno. I was able to use a metal trashcan lid to break a window before hurling myself into the building. I distinctly remember the hotness of the air as dense smoke engulfed me. Several minutes passed before Williams emerged from the blaze, covered in a thick layer of ash and carrying three young children in his arms.\nThis reporter spoke with Brian Williams in a phone interview Saturday night, in which the suspended news anchor recalled what he saw inside the towering inferno. As I was going room to room, trying to locate these terrified children, I was seeing things of a suspicious nature. Things like rubber tubing, broken glass beakers, and empty packages of cold medicine littered the floor. Speaking as a veteran journalist, it was clear to me that this fire was the direct result of a meth lab explosion.\nThe New York City Fire Department has not confirmed or denied Williams allegations that the fire was linked to an existing methamphetamine lab in 121 Second Avenue. Instead investigators are looking at a blast of gas which erupted from a corrupt gas line somewhere in the building as the cause of the seven-alarm fire.\nSpeaking with George Stephanopoulos this morning on ABCs This Week, Brian Williams detailed the events leading up to the harrowing rescue. We were flying low over the city, coming up from the south above Second Ave in a U.S. Navy Black Hawk helicopter. I was embedded with six members of SEAL Team Four and we were en route to 121 Second Avenue, where intelligence assets on the ground had identified an ISIS bomb making operation.\nBy the time the helicopter reached 121 Second Avenue, the building was already in flames. The chopper hovered over the rooftop  I remember feeling the cold New York air on my face as the Black Hawks side doors rolled open -allowing just enough time for members of SEAL Team Four and myself to rappel onto the roof. Williams, who appeared on This Week wearing a bulletproof PRESS vest and a Kevlar helmet with a mounted GoPro camera, told Stephanopoulos the SEAL team used a satchel charge to blow a hole in the buildings roof before dropping down into the fifth floor.\nWe went floor by floor in search of the elusive ISIS bomb makers, all the while battling extreme heat and choking smoke. At one point we lost a member of the SEAL team whos name I cant reveal due to matters of national security- we lost him when the staircase he was standing on became engulfed in flames and collapsed. In the heat of the moment, my adrenaline pumping, I leapt towards the collapsed staircase, retrieving the fallen soldiers M4 assault rifle and pressed forward with the SEAL team.\nIn the end, Williams said no ISIS members were located in the raid. However, he credited himself with the successful rescue of six children from the blaze. Four girls and two boys all under the age of eleven, including one with special needs.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Brian Williams is being hailed a hero for actions he took during an apartment fire in which 22 people were injured and at least 2 are still missing."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-17T11:53:34+00:00", "title": "Obama to Issue Executive Order Banning Firearm Sales in the U.S.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/obama-issue-executive-order-banning-firearm-sales-united-states/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama will exercise his presidential powers next week when he signs an executive order that will ban the sale and transfer of firearms to private citizens in the United States. The announcement comes less than a week after a gunman armed with a handgun and an assault rifle shot and killed forty-nine people and wounded fifty-three others at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida.\nOnce enacted, the National Security and Individual Protection Act, otherwise known as E.O. 13717, will prohibit the sale or barter of firearms by licensed dealers and individual sellers to private citizens. Americans who have legally purchased firearms prior to the executive orders issue date will be permitted to keep them. Let me be clear, were not taking away anyones guns here, President Obama said on Friday. This is about keeping weapons out of the hands of dangerous people.\nThe president explained that under the new law, Americans who were once eligible to acquire firearms through legal means are still able to do so but must manufacture the weapons themselves. If you absolutely have to have a gun, I have no doubt youll find some way to build it yourself, Obama said, continuing, Its what the Founding Fathers did, its what the Minutemen did, and as a student of constitutional law, I believe there is little doubt that this iswhat they intended when they penned the Constitution.\nBureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives director Thomas E. Brandon further explained the guidelines for manufacturing homemade firearms, saying, Prior to assembly, [individuals] must notify the BATF of their intent to manufacture such a firearm. Under the National Firearms Act you will be subjected to a mandatory $200 tax, applicable for each firearm you create, Brandon explained. This applies to even the most rudimentary rifles, pistols, and shotguns; anything that fires a projectile is subject to NFA guidelines.\nThis is quite an ingenious ploy by the Obama administration, remarked CNN political analyst Elliot Brewster. That theyve managed to pull this off without violating the Constitution in any way, shape, or form is an incredible accomplishment in and of itself. Brewster noted that President Obama has pointed out repeatedly throughout the course of his time in office that he has no intention of infringing upon the right of the American people to keep and bear arms. This is a true testament to his legacy.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama will exercise his presidential powers next week when he signs an executive order banning the sale and transfer of firearms..."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-09T09:41:47+00:00", "title": "Three Alleged Chinese Spies Detained at Washington Navy Yard", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/three-alleged-chinese-spies-detained-at-washington-navy-yard/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Three men were taken into custody by the FBI Wednesday after they were caught trespassing on the grounds of the Washington Navy Yard, authorities said. The men, all of whom were later identified as Chinese citizens, held diplomatic passports and were caught with audio and video recording equipment.\nThe FBI has yet to officially disclose the names of the suspects but an official with intimate knowledgeof the investigation, who spoke to this reporter on condition of anonymity, said one of the men, 42 year-old Shang Tsung, had been posing as a Rear Admiral with the U.S. Navy and had gained access to a highly secure Sensitive CompartmentedInformation Facility within the compound on more than twenty-five occasions since June.\nThe individual was found to be in possession of multiple U.S. Navy uniforms as well as a Controlled Access Card and a suppressed firearm, the official said. A civilian employee who works in the secure facility and wished to remain anonymous corroboratedthe account, saying Shang, who was known around the complex as Rear Admiral Johnson, had entered the SCIFon a near-weekly basis to access hard drives and other sensitive information.\nAll three of the alleged spies had been living on the grounds of the Navy Yard and sleeping in unsecured storage areas and server rooms since early June when they first infiltrated the complex. Authorities say the three Chinese men were granted access to the Navy Yard by gate security after they allegedly told officers they were supposed to be there.\nThe Washington Navy Yard has come under scrutiny in recent years for its lax security in the wake of a mass shooting on September 16th, 2013 that left thirteen people, including the gunman, dead. On July 2nd, 2015, the Navy Yard was placed on lockdown after emergency services received reports of gunfire on the premises. Federal authorities later gave an all clear after a search of the complex turned up nothing out of the ordinary.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Three men were taken into custody by the FBI Wednesday after they were caught trespassing on the grounds of the Washington Navy Yard, authorities said."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-04T13:26:43+00:00", "title": "DOJ to Charge Ohio Zoo Officials Under Endangered Species Act", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/doj-charge-cincinnati-zoo-officials-endangered-species-act/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced on Saturday that the Department of Justice has filed charges against three zookeepers who were involved in the shooting death of Harambe the gorilla after a four year-old African-American child climbed into his enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo last week.\nTo put it simply, we have charged that these individuals exhibited malice when they conspired and subsequently carried out the summary execution of Harambe, an endangered and defenseless silverback gorilla, Attorney General Lynch said during a press briefing in Washington, adding, Justice will be swift, it will be righteous, and it will be without mercy.\nIn addition to unlawful discharge of a weapon and child endangerment, the three officials have been charged with violating the Endangered Species Act, a federal crime which carries a penalty of up to one year in prison. When compounded with these other charges, theyre faced with the very real possibility of spending several years behind bars, Alexander DeLafleur, an attorney who specializes in animal law, told Fox News.\nHowever, some say several years is not enough. Gorillas share 98.3% of their genetic code with humans, said Dr. Hope Caravello, a biology professor at Reed College in Portland, Oregon. In an open letter to President Barack Obama this week, Dr. Caravello argued that animals, particularly apes, should enjoy the same basic rights as humans. Not only are these beautiful creatures our ancestors but also our closest cousins, Dr. Caravello wrote. They deserve to be treated as equals.\nHarambe, a captive silverback gorilla, was shot to death on May 28, just one day after his seventeenth birthday. In 2014, Harambe was transferred from his home and birthplace at the Gladys Porter Zoo in Brownsville, Texas, to the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden. Texas governor Gregg Abbott announced via Twitter on Friday that an ivory statue depicting Harambe will be erected at the state capitol in Austin to commemorate his life.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Loretta Lynch announced that the Department of Justice has filed charges against three zookeepers who were involved in the shooting death of Harambe"}
{"published_time": "2016-04-11T11:54:56+00:00", "title": "Mississippi Officials to Receive Training on LGBT Profiling from Saudi Religious Police - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/mississippi-officials-receive-training-on-lgbt-profiling-from-saudi-religious-police/", "text": "JACKSON, Ms.  Social workers and law enforcement officials in Mississippi are scheduled to begin a mandatory statewide training program this month designed to enhance their ability to recognize and, in some cases, track people who associate or identify with the LGBT community, Governor Phil Bryant announced on Monday.\nTaught by seasoned officers from Saudi Arabias Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice, the vaguely titled Safeguard Initiative and its corresponding curriculum are not available to the general public. However, a three-day accelerated session catered toward Mississippi business owners and healthcare providers primarily focuses on identifying mannerisms and characteristics commonly associated with the homosexual lifestyle, according to a course description provided to the media by Governor Bryants office.\nId like to extend a warm thank you to King Salman and the government of Saudi Arabia for lending their time and knowledge for the benefit of the great state of Mississippi, Governor Bryant said during a meet and greet with the head of Saudi Arabias religious police organization on Sunday. While we may not see eye to eye on some issues, the people of Mississippi and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia are unified in understanding the dire importance of protecting our religious freedoms from those whom the devil has put on earth to test our faith.\nSheikh Abdulrahman Al Alsanad, who heads the Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice, is in the United States on a four-week trip to meet with top law enforcement officials from Mississippi and North Carolina. In Saudi Arabia, we enforce Sharia Law as dictated by the rules of Islam, Sheikh Al Alsanad explained during a luncheon at Governor Bryants mansion on Sunday. Today I pledge to you that by the time I return home to Riyadh, you will have the tools you need to enforce a Christian interpretation of these sacred laws.\nThe announcement comes a week after Governor Bryant signed the controversial Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act into law. The new legislation allows individuals, religious organizations, and businesses to deny services to people based on their sexual preference or identity without facing penalties for discrimination.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "JACKSON, Ms. \u2013 Social workers and law enforcement officials in Mississippi are scheduled to begin a mandatory statewide training program this month designed to enhance their ability to recognize and, in some cases, track people who associate or identify with the LGBT community, Governor Phil Bryant announced on Monday. Taught by seasoned officers from Saudi \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-12-12T06:22:26+00:00", "title": "Justin Trudeau Considering Possible Run for U.S. Presidency", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/justin-trudeau-considering-possible-run-for-u-s-presidency/", "text": "OTTAWA, On.  Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is reportedly consideringa possible run forthe White House in 2016, Canadas leading news agency, CBC News, reported Friday. The forty-three year-old Ottawa native, who was elected into office in November of this year, has been calledthe Alex Trebek of politicsfor his soft-spoken mannerisms andintellect, often consideredrare traits in the political realm.\nBordering the northern half of the continentalUnited States, Canadaisperhaps best known for its maple syrup. The popular pancake topping isCanadas largest export andmakes up formore than 70% of the countrysgross domestic product. Since taking office less than forty days ago,Mr. Trudeau has more than tripled Canadas maple syrup production and, in the process, created more than seventy new jobs. Prime Minister Trudeau has done more for Canada in one month than Wayne Gretzky did in his entire career, boasted fellow Canadian William Shatner during a recent interview with The Toronto Star.\nPrime Minister Trudeau made national headlines againthis week when he traveled to Torontos Pearson International Airport topersonally greetmore thanone hundred and sixty Syrianswho had arrived seeking refuge from an increasingly dire humanitariancrisis in their war-torn nation. In Trudeaus own words, the decision to accept an estimated25,000 Syrian refugees was Canadas way of showing the world how to open our hearts.\nDespite Mr. Trudeaus perceived good intentions, the move has left asickly taste in the mouths ofmany Americans. That sort of thing wouldnt fly here in the United States, said George Allen, a seniorcampaign strategist for Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Its contradictory to our values as a nation and quite frankly, its un-American. Allencalled Mr. Trudeaus decision to accept unvetted outsiders questionable, adding that had it happened in the U.S.,Mr. Trudeauwould almost certainlyface a congressional investigation.\nNonetheless, Justin Trudeau believes he has what it takes to run a real country. The Canadianprime minister told CBCNewson Friday that he has just as much a right to the U.S. presidency as former Canadian citizenand currentU.S. senatorTed Cruz. In fact, Mr. Trudeau said, My record on immigration far outweighs his by a longshot. According to Canadas bureau of statistics,otherwise knownas StatCan,approximately 91% of theCanadian population lives within one hundred yards of the U.S. border. And yet were able to remain quite comfortably on our side, Trudeau said.\nAmerican voters may take solace in knowing that in 2014, Canadas Border Service Agency reported less than twenty illegal border crossings along its 1,538 mile long border with the United States. The majority were accidental, said Canadas Minister of Public Safety, Ralph Goodale. Usually its a hiker or a hunter who strayed a bit too far north, Goodale told Real News Right Now, adding, In 2013, we did have a Latino gentleman attempt to enterthe countrywithout the proper paperwork. Minister Goodale said the man later found the documents in his vehicles glove compartment and was subsequently granted entry.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "OTTAWA, On. - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is reportedly considering a possible run for the White House in 2016...."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-27T08:46:37+00:00", "title": "ISIS Adopts Four-Mile Stretch of DC's Capital Beltway", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/isis-adopts-four-mile-stretch-of-dcs-capital-beltway/", "text": "TYSONS CORNER, Va.  The Islamic State has taken it upon itself to adopt a portion of Interstate 495, otherwise known as the Capital Beltway, according to Jeremiah Morrison, an official with the Virginia Department of Transportation who oversees the states Adopt-a-Highway program.\nThe segment of 495 which theyve opted to take responsibility for begins at Exit 50A for Arlington Boulevard and ends at Exit 47A for Leesburg Pike-Tysons Corner, Morrison said. The VDOT spokesman went on to say that ISIS has vowed to uphold cleanliness standards set in place by the Department of Transportation while also enforcing its own brand of Islamic law within the four-mile stretch of roadway.\nAs of Friday, February 26th, drivers reported seeing several flags bearing the Islamic States logo hanging from overpasses and other signage along 495 North. I think its nice theyre taking an interest in preserving our roads, one commuter, who identified himself as Derek, told WTOP-FM, a Washington Metropolitan area radio station.\nAt the request of the Islamic State, VDOT is advising drivers who frequent the four-mile stretch between Clarendon and Tysons Corner to observe Islamic values and laws while passing through. Drivers should keep a spare change of traditional Islamic clothing in their vehicles, Mr. Morrison said, continuing, In accordance with Islamic law, women are not permitted to operate a motor vehicle while driving on this portion of 495 unless they are accompanied by a male relative.\nIn addition, the Islamic State has declared it will administer swift justice to the occupants of any vehicle caught using 495s Express Lane without a properly displayed EZPass device mounted on the windshield. It is the will of Allah himself that any infidel caught traveling in the Express Lane without an EZPass shall face death by crucifixion, proclaimed a member of the Islamic State on Twitter Friday evening.\nISIS isnt the only extremist group to take advantage of the Adopt-a-Highway program. The Hutaree militia, part of Michigans right-wing militia movement, was a prominent contributor to the program until several of its founding members were arrested for plotting to killlaw enforcement officials. More recently, the Ku Klux Klan, a white-supremacist hate group, found itself in a heated court battleover whether or not it has the right to adopt a segment of a major highway in Georgia. The American Civil Liberties Union, a well-known rights organization, has opted to represent the KKK in the case.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Islamic State has taken it upon itself to 'adopt' a portion of Interstate 495, otherwise known as the Capital Beltway, according to VDOT."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-18T14:38:08+00:00", "title": "Virginia Schools Remove Wheat Products from Menu After Uproar", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/virginia-schools-remove-wheat-products-from-lunch-menu-after-uproar/", "text": "AUGUSTA COUNTY, Va.  A Virginia school district has removed anumber ofwheat and vegetable products from its lunch menu after aflood of phone calls and emails from concerned parents demanded the removal ofthe grains and greenery, which originated in the Middle East nearly9,000 years ago, on the grounds they could be used to indoctrinate their children into Islam.\nI am a Christian andI feel my rights and the rights of my children are being violated, saidCathy Henderson, whose ninth-grade son is enrolledin theAugusta County school district. The school needs to be held accountable for deceiving the community. Its appalling. They didnt even tell us where these ingredients were from.\nCathyand other parents congregatedat the sanctuaryof Good WillMinistries Fridayafternoon to voice their opinions and grievances,with many calling for the immediate termination of the Augusta County public school cafeteria staff.What gives these people the right to put poison in my childs food? Demand Margaret Peterson, who said she stumbled upon the sinister origins of wheat, lettuce, andcucumbers while searching the Internet forChristmas recipes. I was mortified, she said.\nIm not surprised, said Ed Hamilton whose two daughters attend middle school in Augusta County. This is what happens when you have a Muslim in the White House. Ed and other members of the Augusta community are calling for a complete ban on all Islam related teachings in the public school system. Theres no place for it here, Hamilton said. Were a good Christian community.\nMeanwhile, Augusta County school administrators are struggling to findnutritious replacements fordozens of previouslyacceptablelunch menu items nowfound tocontain variousun-American ingredients such as wheat, oats, barely, peas, lettuce, radishes, onions, and parsley.\nIts frightening to think that my child -or any child for that matter,could be eating the same foods as the savages over in Iraq who want nothing more than to behead us because of our freedom, said Cathy Henderson. What I dont understand is why Mr. Obama is so content to let that happen.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "AUGUSTA COUNTY, Va. - A Virginia school district has several products from its lunch menu after a flood of phone calls and emails from concerned parents..."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-27T08:23:43+00:00", "title": "DC Metro to Shutdown for 21 Days in May for Maintenance, Repairs", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/d-c-area-metro-to-shutdown-for-21-days-in-may-for-maintenance-repairs/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Metro services in the Washington metropolitan area will come to a twenty-one day standstill next month as maintenance crews begin working around the clock to administer much-needed repairs and updates to the ailing transit system, Washington Metropolitan Transit Authority CEO Paul J. Wiedefeld announced Tuesday.\nWeve received a lot of valuable feedback in recent months from our riders, Wiedefeld said in a statement posted to Metros website Wednesday. With that said, were thrilled to announce that because of you, were making some exciting changes to Metro! Included in Wiedefelds statement is a complete list of the updates and repairs maintenance crews will focus on. Beginning May 9, were ripping out those ghastly carpets which have become an unfortunate staple of the D.C. transit system and replacing them with a more modern and elegant design.\nWiedefeld said Metro crews will spend the vast majority of the three-week shutdown repainting the systems 1,130 rail cars to match their designated lines. For example, Wiedefeld explained, all Blue Line rail cars will feature a deep blue paint which commuters may find reminiscent of the sky on a clear afternoon in September.\nFurther, Metro will install an estimated nine hundred state-of-the-art trash receptacles throughout its ninety-one stations in the Washington metropolitan area. Each waste bin carries a $2,400 price tag and comes equipped with a built-in trash compactor and incinerator that, according to Wiedefeld, will greatly reduce the amount of time service personnel spend on waste removal. This allows us to better allocate our time to more pressing tasks, Wiedefeld explained.\nSuch tasks include the installation of some five thousand new First Alert smoke detectors throughout Metros numerous stations and tunnels. We at Metro have a saying  safety first. Thats why weve elected to blanket our stations and platforms with smoke detectors. In the unlikely event a fire should break out, we can deal with it in a timely manner, said Wiedefeld.\nMetro is scheduled to close its doors to the public on Monday, May 9th and reopen again twenty-one days later on Monday, May 30th. Minor delays are expected.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Metro services in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area will come to a twenty-one day standstill next month as maintenance crews begin work..."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-28T11:50:53+00:00", "title": "DC Residents Protest Plan to Install ICBM Silos in Tidal Basin", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/d-c-residents-protest-decision-by-congress-to-install-minuteman-iii-silos-in-tidal-basin/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Residents of the nations capital, including D.C. mayor Muriel Bowser, are protesting a recent decision by congress to install several Minuteman III silos at the Tidal Basin in downtown Washington, D.C. The District of Columbia has no need or want for a nuclear missile silo, let alone one right across from the National Mall, argued Mayor Bowser.\nHowever, congressional leaders disagree. The Tidal Basin is an ideal location for an underground launch facility, Senator Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) toldThe Washington Post. Were talking about providing total security to the entire eastern seaboard through nuclear deterrence. I simply cant fathom why anyone would oppose this.\nOn Tuesday, the U.S. senate granted the Department of Defense the authorization it needs to install up to five intercontinental ballistic missile silos underneath the Tidal Basin, a man-made reservoir constructed in the 1880s which separates the Washington Channel from the Potomac River. Each silo will contain an LGM-30Minuteman III ICBM, which has the capacity to carry up to three 500 kiloton warheads.\nThese rockets have a range of about eight thousand miles, so theyre more than capable of striking targets in Russia, Iran, and North Korea; or, frankly, anyone anywhere in the world who threatens the safety and security of United States for that matter, Addison Twomey, a retired Air Force colonel, told CNNs Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday.\nGOP presidential candidate and U.S. senator Ted Cruz (R-Tx), who sits on the Senate Committee on Armed Services, voiced support for the decision to install the ICBM silos, saying, Its Congresss job to decide what is best for D.C. and its residents and in this case thats what weve done. Were creating jobs and security, two things the Obama administration has  for eight years  failed to do.\nSenator Cruz believes the ICBM silos will also serve to boost tourism in Washington, D.C. People like to see this sort of thing. Thats why the Nevada Test Site is such a popular tourist destination. Its a part of American history, its what makes this country great. Mr. Cruz said that even if he isnt elected in November, he still plans to bring his family to Washington to carry on our tradition of strolling along the Tidal Basin and admiring the cherry blossoms, and  once theyre complete  the ballistic missile silos.\nHistorically, Minuteman III ballistic missiles have been stationed atfourU.S. Air Force bases located in North Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming. Congresss decision to allow the Pentagon to install additional ICBM silos in Washington, D.C. marks the first time nuclear weapons will be deployed outside of a secure military installation.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Residents of the nation's capital are protesting a recent decision by congress to install several Minuteman III silos at the Tidal Basin..."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-18T03:18:50+00:00", "title": "U.S. to Train and Equip Five Thousand Syrian Rebels by 2399", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/u-s-to-train-and-equip-five-thousand-syrian-rebels-by-2399/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A top defense official announced Thursday that the Pentagon has reached a decision to overhaul its existing ISIS strategy in Syria. Speaking from the Pentagon Briefing Room, the commander of U.S. Central Command, General Lloyd Austin, told reporters the United States plans to scale back its initial goal of mustering a force of 5,000 rebel recruits per year to a more feasible thirteen.\nLower numbers mean a stricter screening process, which in the long run yields notably higher results, said General Austin, who added that U.S. forces have already trained five Syrian rebels so far this year. We are on track to have the remaining eight recruits combat-ready by late December, General Austin stated.\nIn 2014, Congress approved a budget of $500 million to train and arm Syrian rebels as part of a request for funding by the Obama administration to battle the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. General Austin said the Pentagons revised plan requires a fraction of the initial budget approved by Congress.  We foresee an annual budget of $100,000, General Austin said. This covers all costs associated with training, equipment, and logistics. Were looking at a total budget of $38.4 million over the next three hundred and eighty-four years.\nDefense officials are confident that with the revised strategy, the U.S. can deal a critical, if not fatal, blow to the Islamic State by 2399. We may not even have five thousand fighters alive by 2399 but we will have trained five thousand fighters by 2399 and that in itself will be a major victory for the United States, a defense official toldThe Wall Street Journal.\nIn early September, Russia began to significantly increase its military presence in Syria as part of its effort to boost al-Assads regime amid the countrys multi-sided civil war. Meanwhile, many Western nations began opening their doors to some of the nearly three million Syrian refugees who have fled the country. Following suit, the United States announced last week that it would house an estimated 250,000 refugeeson Native American tribal land.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A DoD official told reporters today that the U.S. plans to scale back its initial goal to train 5,000 Syrian rebels per year to \"a more feasible\" thirteen."}
{"published_time": "2016-05-26T12:25:18+00:00", "title": "Veteran Recovering After Trump Supporters Mistake Him for Sanders", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/korean-war-vet-hospitalized-trump-supporters-mistake-bernie-sanders/", "text": "ANAHEIM, Ca.  An eighty-two year-old veteran of the Korean War was hospitalized Wednesday after he was brutally assaulted by a group of nearly a dozen men and women who were on their way to a nearby event at the Anaheim Convention Center for GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump.\nJack Leonard, a Burbank native, was walking near the convention center with his twenty-three year-old granddaughter when he was approached by the group of Trump supporters. One of them called out, Go back to Vermont you socialist pig!' Leonards granddaughter recalled. At first we thought it was some kind of joke, she told Fox 11 News.\nBut as more people joined in on the heckling, Mr. Leonard and his granddaughter decided it was time to leave. We started walking back toward my car and I could hear people behind us shouting that my grandfatherwas Bernie Sanders and I just thought to myself, they look nothing alike!\nThats when the unthinkable happened. The eighty-two year-old was struck from behind by several assailants, some using their fists while others used Make America Great Again placards and American flag poles to bludgeon the Purple Heart recipient until he collapsed unconscious on the pavement. Meanwhile, a mob had formed around the group, loudly chanting Trumps name.\nLeonard was rushed to Anaheim Regional Medical Center where doctors later said he suffered three broken ribs and sustained lacerations to his head and neck. He has remained very positive throughout the whole ordeal, Dr. Arjun Gupta, chief of surgery at Anaheim Regional. told Fox 11. Dr. Gupta said Mr. Leonard is expected to make a full recovery.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "ANAHEIM, Ca. - An eighty-two year-old veteran of the Korean War was hospitalized Wednesday after he was brutally assaulted by a group of nearly..."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-05T02:44:20+00:00", "title": "Court Overturns Terrorism Charges Against Zacarias Moussaoui", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/federal-appeals-court-overturns-terrorism-charges-against-zacarias-moussaoui/", "text": "ARLINGTON, Va.  Zacarias Moussaouiwalked out of a federalcourthouse in Arlington, Virginia today as a free man after a federal judge overturned a 2006 conviction by a federal jury alleging he conspired to kill U.S. citizens as part of the September 11 terror attacks.\nMoussaoui, who until Monday, was servingsix life sentences in the Federal ADXSupermaxprison in Florence, Colorado, was deemed fit to return to society by presiding Judge JosephWarrick after Moussaouis legal team successfully argued hed suffered from a mental illness during his time with al Qaeda.\nMr. Moussauiwas diagnosed with bipolardisorderin 2007after undergoing a court-orderedpsychiatric evaluation, an attorney for Mr. Moussaouisaid. Since then Mr. Moussaoui has beenunder psychiatric carewhile receivingtreatment for his disorder.\nClinical psychiatrist Doctor Mort S. Friedman, who oversawMoussaouiduring his time in the Supermaxprisonandtestified on his patients behalf,saidindividuals who suffer from untreatedmentalillness, particularly bipolar or dissociativeidentitydisorders,are incapableof rational thought and therefore cannot be held accountable for their actions.\nIn his decision to overturn Moussaouis conviction, Judge Warrick citedoverwhelming public opinionthat untreated mental illnessis the likely cause for mass violence rather than criminal intent, access to firearms,or terrorism. Individuals who struggle with untreated mental illness due to unfortunate but natural imbalances intheir chemical makeupare not criminals but victims in their own right. These people should not be punished with imprisonment; rather they should be provided sufficient access to medical and psychological treatment.\nJudge Warrick called Moussaouisjourney to freedom a rare success story following Moussaouisown testimony to the court in whichthe Frenchcitizensaid that thanks to the treatment hed received while in federal prison, his mind is clear for the first time inmany years.\nA spokesman for Moussaouisdefense team said that after leaving the federal courthouse, the 47 year-old left for Newark, New Jersey where he plans to live and work while pursuinga degree in chemicalengineering. The spokesmandid not elaborate on Moussaouis living situation other than to sayhe wanted to be close to the airport so he can watch the planes.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Zacarias Moussaoui walked out of a federal courthouse in Arlington, Virginia today as a free man after a federal judge overturned a 2006 conviction"}
{"published_time": "2015-04-11T10:24:23+00:00", "title": "Secret Service Under Fire for Mock Kidnapping", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/04/secret-service-under-fire-for-mock-kidnapping/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  What began as a low-key happy hour among coworkers last Thursday ended with one Secret Service agent dead, a second in jail, and the agency reeling fromyet another high profile scandal. According to the Metropolitan Police Department, about a dozen off-duty agents arrived at a popular steakhouse and bar near the Four Seasons hotel in Georgetown, shortly after 6:30 p.m. Saturday evening.\nBartender Woody Boyd, who served the agents, told FOX 5 DC the group was initially well-mannered and cordial but as the night progressed and the alcohol flowed, the groups atmosphere darkened. They got pretty rowdy, Boyd recalled. So much so that patrons around them started moving to other tables. Boyd said the agents were very vocal about their work, going out of their way to tell everyone around them that they were part of the presidents security detail.\nAccording to Boyd and others at the steakhouse Thursday night, it was around nine oclock when the agents engaged in a loud and heated discussion concerning official White House security protocols. I just remember hearing something about the safety of the presidents daughters, said a woman who spoke to FOX 5 DC on the condition of anonymity. Metropolitan Police investigators believe the alcohol-fueled discussion evolved into a rudimentary plan to test the integrity of White House security protocols by staging a mock kidnapping.\nOutdoor CCTV cameras at the Four Seasons show the agents left the restaurant at approximately 10:45 p.m., leaving behind an unpaid bar tab totaling over $1200. From there, investigators believe the heavily intoxicated agents drove straight to the White House where they bypassed security and attempted to infiltrate the presidential living quarters. Details at this point are sparse but it is believed the mock abduction failed before the agents could reach the First Daughters. All but two of the agents were detained by Uniformed Secret Service officers. Special Agents Samuel Fisher and Harry Tasker fled the White House grounds in two armored presidential limousines.\nApproximately seventeen minutes later, at 11:53 p.m., the two limousines were spotted by Maryland State Police heading north toward Rockville on I-270. Officers made several unsuccessful attempts to stop the vehicles and a chase ensued. A spokesman for the Maryland State Police, Captain Leon S. Kennedy, told reporters the following day, Certain modifications on these vehicles, such as bulletproof tires, hindered our ability to quickly and effectively pacify the situation. Captain Kennedy described the chase as chaotic, saying the armored limos reached speeds in excess of 120 mph and displayed a complete disregard for the safety of other drivers.\nA local news stations traffic chopper was passing over I-270 and caught the last few minutes of the chase on camera, which ended shortly after one of the armored limousines, driven by Special Agent Samuel Fisher, veered off the highway and slammed into a bridge embankment before exploding in flames. Captain Kennedy said the limo was going 109 mph when it impacted the concrete embankment. There was nothing left, he said.\nMinutes later, Maryland State Police were able to corner the second presidential limo and persuade Special Agent Tasker, albeit at gunpoint, to surrender peacefully. After failing a field sobriety test, Agent Tasker, a seven year veteran, told police he was on official business and involved in a mock kidnapping operation.\nThe Secret Service and the White House have remained mostly silent on the incident, with Secret Service Director Ethan Hunts office releasing a two sentence statement to the press saying the Service had recently conducted a training exercise.\nThis debacle comes prior to the arrest of a Secret Service officer Friday night for destruction of property and burglary after allegedly trying to break into a private home in the District. Additionally, a separate incident came to light early this month involving two Secret Service agents who were caught on surveillance video while driving drunk at the White House. The video footage itself has since been deleted, with Secret Service saying part of its policy is to delete video footage every 72 hours.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "What began as a low-key happy hour among coworkers last Thursday ended with the Secret Service reeling from yet another high profile scandal."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-13T11:01:10+00:00", "title": "Martin Shkreli to Erect 60 Foot Statue of Himself in Times Square", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/martin-shkreli-erect-sixty-foot-statue-times-square/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Martin Shkreli, an American entrepreneur and pharmaceutical executive, finalized plans this week to erect a sixty-foot tall solid gold statue of himself in Times Square later this month, according to an article published in theNew York Daily News on Saturday.\nThe thirty-two year-old Brooklyn native quietly purchased the northern triangle of Times Square -known as Duffy Square, from the City of New York for $10 million in late January and, according to public records, promptly renamed it Shkreli Square.\nThe historic landmark currently hosts two statues: one memorializing the late George M. Cohan, a prominent composer and playwright; and the other, Chaplain Francis P. Duffy -the man behind the squares namesake. Duffy served as an army chaplain for New Yorks Fighting 69th Infantry Regiment during World War I.\nNow Mr. Shkreli plans to remove the bronze statue of Chaplain Duffy and replace it with a tasteful depiction of himself. As to the fate of the current statue, Mr. Shkreli has reportedly asked world-renowned artist and sculptor Jin Sun-pak to melt it down for the purpose of re-sculpting it into a bronze ottoman which will soon sit at the base of the sixty-foot golden Shkreli. Itll give people a place to sit while they admire me, Shkreli told the NY Daily News.\nThe co-founder of the hedge fund MSMB Capital Management said he was able to coax the eccentric Jin out of retirement to hammer and chisel his striking features into a thirty-three ton block of solid gold only after arranging to relocate the famed sculptor to the United States where he intends to seek political asylum from the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea.\nThe fifty-seven year-old Jin Sun-pak is perhaps most well-known for the Mansu Hill Grand Monument. Located in downtown Pyongyang, the monument depicts the late North Korean leader Kim Il-sung alongside his son and successor Kim Jong-il.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Martin Shkreli, an American pharmaceutical executive, finalized plans this week to erect a sixty-foot tall solid gold statue of himself in Times Square."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-03T15:14:20+00:00", "title": "Virginia Town Among First to Turn Guns in Under New Law", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/virginia-town-among-first-to-turn-in-guns-under-new-law/", "text": "HILLSVILLE, Va.  Residents of Hillsville, a small town in Carroll County, Virginia with a population just shy of 2,700, assembled in the gymnasium at Carroll County Middle School on Sunday to hear a presentation prepared by Army National Guard Brigadier General Franklin P. Marshal. The brigadier general has been appointed by the White House to head a new initiative enacted under a recent executive order by President Obama authorizing the federal government to sequester nearly 300 million firearms from private citizens across the United States.\nIts about winning hearts and minds, Brigadier General Marshal told the audience at Carroll County Middle School. In exchange for their compliance, the Obama administration is offering Americans who willingly turn over their weapons a sizable tax credit. Any American over the age of twenty-one who, by their own accord, turns in five or more firearms, will be exempt from paying federal income taxes in 2017, Brigadier General Marshal said.\nHowever, the brigadier general stressed that the incentive only applies to Americans who willingly forfeit their right to bear arms. Any individual -American or otherwise, who exercises deceit or tries in any way, shape, or form to circumvent these laws, will be met with the full force of the United States military, President Obama warned in a pre-recorded statement to the nation this week.\nIn accordance with the executive order which President Obama issued to combat rising gun violence in the United States, the White House has ordered a temporary suspension of thePosse Comitatus Act. Passed in 1873 by President Rutherford B. Hayes, the act limits the federal governments ability to use the military to enforce domestic policies.\nDuring times of national crisis, it becomes necessary to trade certain liberties for the benefit of added security, Robert Churchill, an attorney who specializes in constitutional law, told CNNs Wolf Blitzer Sunday. I believe in this case the Obama administration is well within their rights to do so. \nRegardless of the laws contested legality, many Americans, including those living in Hillsville, Virginia, support Obamas decision to unilaterally eliminate firearm ownership in the United States. Its silly, protested Buck Weatherford, a fifty-seven year-old Hillsville native. Guns in general are just barbaric. Anything youd need to do with a firearm can just as easily be accomplished using a simple bow and arrow. Buck, who makes a living designing custom crossbows for hunting and home defense, said he turned over three firearms, including an Uzi submachine gun, to the Virginia National Guard. It was the right thing to do, he said.\nWhile the vast majority of confiscated firearms will be melted down under federal supervision, a small portion are to be used to arm various factions of moderate rebels fighting Assads forces in Syria. Rather than simply destroy them, were getting these weapons to the people who need them the most, said President Obama, who added the United States has agreed to accept an additional 180,000 Syrian refugees by 2017.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "HILLSVILLE, Va. - Residents of Hillsville, a small town in Carroll County, Virginia with a population just shy of 2,700, assembled in the gymnasium..."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-24T11:55:15+00:00", "title": "42% of Americans Against Gun Violence Legislation", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/42-of-americans-would-prefer-to-lose-1-family-member-to-gun-violence-over-stricter-gun-laws/", "text": "OMAHA, Ne.  The results of a recent Gallup poll conducted in June indicate that just over 4 in 10 Americans would rather lose a member of their immediate family to gun violence than be subjected to stricter gun laws, including universal background checks and magazine restrictions.\nIn addition, the same poll found that just 2 out of 10 Americans actively support measures to ban certain types of firearms such as assault weapons, or to restrict the sale of firearms to individuals with ahistory of mental illness. The remaining 38% remain indifferent to the issue, with the majority saying gun violence hasnt directly affected them.\nWhen asked, Earl Hayes, a self-described firearms enthusiast from Roanoke, Virginia, said he would be devastated if any member of his family were to fall victim to gun violence but added, The Bill of Rights specifically states the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.'\nShauna Weatherford, a mother of two from Madison, North Carolina, said shes not worried about gun violence. Its never happened here and, frankly, there are far more pressing issues we need to worry about like ISIS.\nIn the wake of a mass shooting in Chattanooga, Tennessee that left five service members dead and, most recently, a shooting Thursday night at a theater in Louisiana in whichthree people were killed, Gallup projects the number of Americans against gun control legislation will continue to climb.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "4 in 10 Americans would rather lose one family member to gun violence than be subjected to stricter gun laws, according to a recent poll."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-20T10:00:00+00:00", "title": "Dozhokhar Tsarnaev Files Suit Against Watertown Police Department", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/dozhokhar-tsarnaev-files-suit-against-watertown-pd-alleging-police-brutality/", "text": "BOSTON, Ma.  Lawyers representing Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dozhokhar Tsarnaev filed a civil suit against the Watertown Police Department during a hearing at the Boston Municipal Court this morning. Citing Section 1983 of the Civil Rights Act, the suit alleges Waterford police used excessive force leading up to and during the apprehension of Tsarnaev. The 21-year-old is facing thirty charges for his role in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy to bomb a place of public use resulting in death.\nLionel Hutz, the lead attorney handling Tsarnaevs case, spoke to reporters on the courthouse steps, saying,The Watertown police, and other law enforcement agencies, violated my clients civil rights countless times on the night of April 19th, 2013. Regardless of the charges levied against my client, he is an American citizen, and therefore innocent until proven guilty. Mr. Hutz said he intends to use police testimony from the federal trial against Tsarnaev to show what he calls an excessive and brutal use of force as a result of a heavily militarized law enforcement operation.\nTed Buckland, a member of Tsarnaevs defense team, told this reporter that in the moments leading up to his arrest, while Dozhokhar, who was unarmed, sought refuge inside the boat, officers from Watertown and other agencies unleashed a barrage of preemptive gunfire into the craft prior to deploying dozens of concussion grenades. Buckland says the defense team is seeking $150 million in punitive damages from the Watertown Police Department, part of which will be used to pay for Tsarnaevs defense in federal court.\nTsarnaevs defense team believes they have a rock solid case against Waterford PD. In the last decade weve seen an unprecedented rise in the use of excessive force against American citizens, particularly minorities. This case is no different from Ferguson where we had Michael Brown, an unarmed black teen, gunned down by an overzealous police officer, and the subsequent response to that was to deploy, basically, a militarized force into the city resulting in innumerable civil rights violations. Its simply unacceptable, Hutz says.\nDozhokhar Tsarnaev is being charged for his role in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing which killed 3 spectators and injured an estimated 264 people. In addition he faces charges for the murder of Sean A. Collier, an MIT police officer. Federal prosecutors announced last week that, following a conviction, they will seek the death penalty.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Dozhokhar Tsarnaev filed a civil suit against the Watertown Police Department during a hearing at the Boston Municipal Court this morning."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-27T12:47:38+00:00", "title": "Uber to Debut PX and PXL Car Services in Baltimore, St. Louis", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/uber-to-debut-px-and-pxl-services-in-baltimore-st-louis/", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO, Ca. Uberis set tolaunchitsmuch-anticipated PX and PXL car services in time for theHalloween weekend,a spokespersonfor the American international transportation company said today. Debuting in Baltimore and St. Louis, the new service, whichwill beavailable through the Uber app, provides users witha convenientalternative to local emergency services. During the trial phase, on average wehad about9 out of 10 drivers responding to emergency calls faster than local law enforcement,saidUber spokesperson Jamie Heisler.\nSo how does one become an Uber PX or PXL driver? Its very similar to the process of applying for our other services, Heisler said. Applicants need to provideproof of avalid, state issued motor vehicle licenseand they need tosubmit toa background check. The only difference is we require PX and PXL drivers to pass an online firearms safety course.\nOnce the vetting process is complete, drivers receive a startup kit from Uber which includes blue and red emergency lights that can be placed behind the rearview mirror and in the grille of their personal vehicle. In addition, we provide each driver with level IIIA ballistic body armor and a Glock 17 9mm pistol,said Heisler, who addedthat Uber encourages its drivers to carry their own firearms.\nJed Mayhew, a forty-nine year-old Missouri native, is among the first Uber PX drivers to take to the streets this weekend. Mayhew told Fox News anchor Sean Hannity that hes always wanted to be a police officer but unfortunate circumstances have prevented him from doing so. Im just looking forward to getting out there and enforcing the law, helping my fellow citizens, you know?Mayhew went on to saythat his cousin lent him anIngram MAC-11 to use as a service pistol.\nBy Ubers own estimate, drivers working in cities like Baltimore, Chicago, and Washington, D.C., could rake in upwards of $1,500 a day. Thats far more than what the average police officerbrings in, noted Heisler.The pricing structureis similar to Ubers standard fares associated with their taxi-style services,however according to Heisler, A price surge will go into effectanytime one of ourdriversisplaced in alife-threatening situation.Ubers PX and PXL policing services will be available nationwide starting November 9th.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Uber is set to launch its much anticipated PX and PXL car services in time for the Halloween weekend, a spokesperson for the transportation company said."}
{"published_time": "2016-08-18T09:01:04+00:00", "title": "Creation Museum to Hold Lottery for 50 Spots Aboard Massive Ark", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/creationist-museum-hold-nationwide-lottery-offering-fifty-spots-aboard-massive-ark/", "text": "PETERSBURG, Ky.  Officials at a religious museum in northern Kentucky will host a nationwide lottery next month offering fifty spots on board a massive wooden ark which they say was built to preserve the last vestiges of humanity after God unleashes an end-all flood meant to cleanse the earth of sin.\nThe final days are upon us, Eli Smith, a spokesperson for the Creation Museum, toldThe Lexington Herald-Leader. The prophecy, as foretold by the Book of Revelations is unfolding before our very eyes. Smith went on to explain the terms and conditions of the lottery, saying that only Caucasian couples who have entered into a Christian marriage and possess a valid photo ID are eligible for entry. Women must be of child-bearing age and will need to pass a fertility test, Smith added.\nIn order to be considered for entry into the lottery, Smith said each submission must include a 57 photograph of the applicant and their spouse along with a handwritten double spaced essay explaining why they believe they deserve a spot aboard the ark. Smith said application packets should be mailed to the PO box listed on the museums officialwebsiteno later than December 20th. Photos must be paper-clipped to the first page of your essay, stressed Smith before adding, Stapled photographs will be disqualified.\nNo official launch date has been set for the arks maiden voyage but Ken Ham, founder and CEO of Answers in Genesis, a Christian fundamentalistorganizationwhich owns and operates the Creation Museum, toldThe Houston Chronicle that boarding will commence once the sea hath risen to the levels of the Lords intent.\nIn addition to providing long-term living accommodations to twenty-five lucky Christian couples, Eli Smith told The Herald thatthe immense ship has the capacity to hold as many animals as God will allow. The Lord has provided us with enough rations and provisions to last ten years, Smith said, adding that the museum has acquisitioned a decommissioned AH-64 Apache helicopter as well as an AAV7amphibious assault vehicle, both of which  along with an undisclosed number of small arms  have been safely secured aboard the ark.\nSpanning more than five hundred feet in length, the seven-story ark, which opened as a tourist attraction in July in what museum officials have referred to as Phase One, was built to the same dimensions and specifications that God reportedly dictated to Noah more than two thousand years ago.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Officials at a religious museum in northern Kentucky will host a nationwide lottery next month offering up fifty spots aboard a massive wooden ark which..."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-23T09:25:50+00:00", "title": "Minnesota Descends into Chaos Following the Death of Prince Nelson", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/minnesota-descends-into-chaos-following-the-death-of-its-beloved-ruler-prince-nelson/", "text": "ST. PAUL, Mn.  The streets of St. Paul were peppered with broken glass Saturday morning and dozens of burned out vehicles were still smoldering from the previous nights riots. Wary Minnesotans once again struggled to find shelter from the roving gangs who descended upon the city shortly after the untimely death of Prince Nelson, Minnesotas beloved ruler.\nSave for the occasional stray dog, there were few signs of life amid the citys widespread wreckage on Saturday. People are afraid to leave their homes, a police officer who asked to remain anonymous told Reuters. The officer said opposition forces had entered the city under the cover of darkness Friday night and were rounding up anyone deemed loyal to Prince Nelson. They were executing people in the streets, said the officer before adding that several police precincts, including his own, had been firebombed in the ensuing chaos.\nMeanwhile, President Barack Obama on Saturday ordered two mechanized divisions consisting of some 45,000 soldiers and support units to the U.S.-Minnesota border. Let me be clear, President Obama declared in an address to the nation. The United States has no intention of becoming involved militarily in Minnesota. Ive asked our commanders on the ground to remain neutral and monitor events from our side of the border in an effort to prevent further destabilization in the region.\nDespite President Obamas assertion that U.S. forces would remain on American soil, a Pentagon official speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the press, toldThe Washington Post that U.S. special operations forces have been deployed to the outskirts of St. Paul to locate and secure Prince Nelsons chemical weapons stockpile.\nPrince Nelson assumed the throne in 1958 and ruled Minnesota until his unexpected death on April 21, 2016. As Minnesotans continue to mourn the loss of their revered prince, the world is watching closely to see who will fill the power vacuum created in the wake of Prince Nelsons passing.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The streets of St. Paul were peppered with broken glass and dozens of burned out vehicles were still smoldering from the previous night's riots."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-06T10:02:36+00:00", "title": "Texas VA Hospital Erects Tent City for Vets Awaiting Medical Care", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/texas-va-hospital-erects-tent-city-veterans-awaiting-medical-care/", "text": "SAN ANGELO, Tx.  A Veterans Affairs hospital in West Texas has devised an ingenious way to deal with the exceptionally long wait times suffered by many veterans seeking healthcare. Officials at the West Texas VA Medical Center in San Angelo have erected a tent city in a vacant lot adjacent to the facility where veterans with wait times of forty-five days or more can find temporary lodging.\nPresently, were operating at about forty percent capacity, John Abrams, Director of Environmental Services at the West Texas Center, told NewsWest 9, a local NBC affiliate. Abrams, who oversees day-to-day operations at the tent city, said the lot currently hosts twenty full-size disaster relief tents on loan from FEMA. Each tent has the capacity to hold about twenty-five cots, explained Abrams during a tour of the city. Right now Ive got about half a dozen Porto-Johns around back as well as a fire hydrant that we open up once a day for showers.\nIn addition to providing free housing and running water to up to five hundred veterans in need of healthcare, Adams told NewsWest 9 that the medical center has entered into an agreement with a fleet of local food trucks. They pull up every morning at 7:45 sharp and dish out meals, Adams said, adding, In fact, a couple of these drivers are vets themselves, so occasionally theyll throw in a little extra grub or offer these guys a twenty percent discount.\nTwenty-eight year-old Reginald Williams, a former staff sergeant in the U.S. Army, has spent more than three months awaiting treatment for an infection caused by injuries he sustained to his leg during two consecutive tours in Afghanistan. This place saved my life, Williams said before going on to say that his infection had become so bad in recent weeks that a fellow soldier awaiting chemotherapy, who served as a combat medic in Iraq, performed an emergency field amputation on his leg. If it wasnt for the tent city, I would have died, a grateful Williams said.\nVeterans and staff alike at the West Texas VA Medical Center agree that the tent city has already done more than enough to help put an end to the troubled history surrounding the Department of Veterans Affairs. However, one benefit that seems to stand out among the rest is the ability for veterans to come and go as they please without losing their place on the waiting list. Its a refreshing change to see our veterans being given the dignity they deserve, Abrams said.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A Veterans Affairs hospital in West Texas has devised an ingenious way to deal with exceptionally long wait times suffered by veterans seeking healthcare."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-23T16:56:47+00:00", "title": "Obama Names Combat Drone After Pope Francis", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/obama-honors-pope-francis-with-christening-of-next-generation-combat-drone/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  During a ceremonyat the White House Wednesday,President Obamapresented PopeFrancis withareplica MQ-9Block 5 Reaper drone which the Pentagon hasofficially renamed the MQ-9 Pope Francis. In addition, the president invitedthe Popeto witness a real-time drone operationfrom the comfort of the White House Situation Room.\nSpeaking from the Briefing Room, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters that the MQ-9Pope Francis, a$16.9 million unmanned combat air vehicle, delivered a devastating blow to Islamic extremismduring its first flightWednesday. Earnest said Pope Francisbriefly tookcontrol of the unmanned drone using a remote operating platform provided by the CIA. He was a natural, added Earnest.\nPope Francis, who is in Washington as part of his first visit to the United States this week,applauded President Obama for doing the Lords work in regards to the drone program and condemned the Islamic State for its intolerable brutality, particularly against Christians.\nThe Pope celebrated his first mass in the United States Wednesday evening at the Basilicaof theNational Shrine of the Immaculate Conceptionin Washington, D.C. There, Pope Franciscanonized Junipero Serra, aCatholic missionary from Spain who founded twenty-one Spanish missions in California from 1769 to 1823.\nPope Francis is scheduled to address Congress Thursday morning during a joint session before visiting St. Patricks Catholic Church in Washington, D.C. to attend a lunch for the homeless. From there, he will depart Washingtonvia Joint Base Andrews for New York.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama presented Pope Francis with a replica MQ-9 Block 5 Reaper drone which the Pentagon has officially renamed the 'MQ-9 Pope Francis.'"}
{"published_time": "2015-11-03T09:52:52+00:00", "title": "Mentally Ill Karate Expert Goes on Rampage in Gun-Free Zone", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/mentally-ill-karate-expert-goes-on-rampage-in-gun-free-zone-hundreds-feared-dead/", "text": "SEATTLE, Wa.  Search efforts are still underway after a mentally ill karate expert tore through a Seattle neighborhood Sunday afternoon leaving a wake of death and destruction in his path. Police say thirty-seven year-old Grand Master Randal Jenkins, a tenth degree black belt who suffers from depression, entered Big Marios Pizza on East Pike Street shortly after 11 a.m. Sunday and began performing karate moves as baffled patrons looked on.\nAll of a sudden he just started grabbing people; chopping and punching them, said Caylee Marshall, a single mother of two who survived the attack. Marshall, who suffered a broken collarbone, said she was able to survive by hiding underneath the body of another patron whod been killed by a roundhouse kick.\nAuthorities say Jenkins fled the pizza shop fifteen minutes later and made his way up 10th Avenue where he burst through the door of The Elliott Bay Book Company. CCTV footage obtained by Real News Right Now shows Jenkins executing a back flip and vaulting over the bookstores counter before launching dozens of books at horrified shoppers.\nCharles Fulton, a twenty-four year-old Seattle native, was killed instantly when he was struck in the back of the head by an Eleventh Edition Encyclopedia Britannica,Volume 17,as he attempted to run for cover.\nThe vicious attack, which lasted nearly three hours, occurred in a section of downtown Seattle that had recently been designated a gun-free zone. Sergeant Nicholas Funkhouser of the Seattle Police Department, who in the past has criticized anti-gun legislation, said Seattle citizens were powerless to stop Jenkins as he acted out some sick Tae Kwon Do fantasy.\nMr. Jenkins public Facebook page lists the thirty-seven year-old as an unemployed former karate instructor who won a bronze medal for Tae Kwon Do in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England. Jenkins last updated his Facebook page on September 27th, with an ominous warning, When Bruce Lee died he was reincarnated as me. Jenkins interests on Facebook include Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris Quotes, Chuck Norris Memes, and I F***ing Love Chuck Norris.\nAs of Tuesday, Seattle police had issued a state-wide bulletin for Randall Jenkins who was last seen slipping through a sewer grate in an attempt to evade capture by authorities. Jenkins is wanted for the murder of some two hundred Seattle residents and is considered to be extremely dangerous.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Lasting nearly three hours, the vicious attack occurred in a section of downtown Seattle that had recently been designated a 'gun-free zone.'"}
{"published_time": "2016-08-08T09:46:20+00:00", "title": "Obama Foundation: 14,000 Tons of Marble Needed for Obama Library", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/obama-foundation-import-14000-tons-italian-marble-presidential-library/", "text": "CHICAGO, Il.  The Obama Foundation, a nonprofit corporation tasked with overseeing the design and construction of President Barack Obamas presidential library, has released a preliminary set of blueprints detailing the sprawling repository meant to house important papers, records, and other historical items related to the 44th President of the United States.\nSet in Chicagos historic Jackson Park, the site of the 1893 Worlds Fair, the Obama Presidential Center has an estimated budget of $900 million and was designed as a more modern and elegant version of the KumsusanPalace of the Sun in Pyongyang, North Korea, according to Reginald Lee, a Chicago-based architect with firsthand knowledge of the project.\nThe immense presidential library is the first of its kind to be constructed entirely out of Italian marble. Its main hall, aptly named the Grand Hall, boasts a vaulted glass ceiling reaching upwards of ninety feet at its peak. With a capacity to accommodate up to two thousandfour hundred visitors, the Grand Hall will feature four prominently displayed twenty-foot tall solid gold statues depicting President Obama, the First Lady, and their two children, Malia and Natasha.\nThe Obama Foundation is expected to maintain much of the greenery already present on the five hundred acre park and, according to Lee, plans to further expand the greenspace to include community gardens and a wide moat around the perimeter. We felt the presence of a moat would serve to offer a sense of great significance to the library itself while keeping unwanted visitors  such as protesters or vandals  out, Lee explained.\nUnlike other U.S. presidential facilities, the Obama Presidential Center will also include a subterranean mausoleum constructed of twenty-inch thick blast-resistant steel where, upon his passing, the 44th President of the United States will be laid to rest surrounded by mementos and awards highlighting his numerous achievements.\nThis is something President Obama has been quite insistent on, said Lee, who met with the President last week to finalize plans for the center. Lee told Real News Right Now that upon his death, President Obamas body will embalmed and placed inside a glass sarcophagus where it will remain on display in the centers Grand Hall for one year, after which it will be permanently relocated to the mausoleum. The Obama Presidential Center is scheduled to open in 2021.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Obama Foundation, a nonprofit corporation tasked with overseeing the design and construction of President Barack Obama's presidential library..."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-22T07:37:31+00:00", "title": "Biker Gangs Converge on Nation's Capital for Memorial Day", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/biker-gangs-converge-on-nations-capital-for-massive-memorial-day-turf-war/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Hundreds of thousands of heavily armed bikers are set to converge on the nations capital this weekend to participate in an end-all turf war on the National Mall. The event is scheduled to coincide with the National Memorial Day Parade which begins at 2 p.m. on Monday, May 25th.\nU.S. Capitol Police say there will be an estimated two-hundred thousand guns, knives, billy clubs, pipes, boxcutters, chains, bats, hand grenades and axes in the District this weekend. With such a high concentration of hardened criminals in the nations capital, police say any attempts to prevent an altercation will be futile. Technically, theyre exercising their right to assemble, Captain Rory Daniels told CNN. Captain Daniels said Capitol police and local law enforcement will create a buffer zone around the National Mall separating the biker gangs from Memorial Day celebrations. This way everyone is happy, Daniels said.\nJade Anderson told CNNs Don Lemon that her husband, who is a member of the Bandidos motorcycle club, plans to avenge the deaths of his brothers who were killed outside the Twin Peaks restaurant in Waco, Texas this week with a baseball bat wrapped in barbed wire and a hydraulic nail gun. Anderson described her husband as a loving father who is definitely not a criminal, and blamed the media for the negative portrayal of motorcycle organizations.\nThe president of the notorious Hells Angels Motorcycle Club, Bobby The Fist Mitchell, spoke with this reporter by phone, saying he is leading a procession of over twenty-three hundred of his roughest and toughest members to Washington to settle a longstanding blood feud with the Bandidos. Mitchell said he plans to eviscerate his rivals and fill the Reflecting Pool with their blood before climbing the steps of the Lincoln Memorial to declare victory.\nIn addition to the Bandidos and Hells Angels, a few of the more notable biker gangs making an appearance in Washington this weekend include the Monglols, the Pagans, the Pennsylvania Warlocks, the Scimitars, and the infamous Sons of Silence. Last but not least are the Cossacks, one of the more violent gangs involved in the bloody shootout that left nine bikers dead and dozens more injured outside a sports bar in Waco, Texas last Sunday.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Hundreds of thousands of heavily armed bikers are set to converge on the nation's capital this Memorial Day for an end-all turf war on the National Mall."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-13T20:01:56+00:00", "title": "Secret Service Agents Fire on Protesters at Trump Rally, 3 Dead", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/three-dead-after-secret-service-agents-open-fire-on-protesters-at-trump-rally/", "text": "BOCA RATON, Fl.  Three people were killed and more than a dozen were injured Sunday evening after Secret Service agents tasked with protecting GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump opened fire on a group of protesters at the Sunset Cove Amphitheater in Palm Beach County.\nThe incident occurred moments after Trump, who was addressing a crowd of nearly twenty thousand enthusiastic supporters, ordered his security detail to put down a group of Latino protesters who were waving a homemade Were Not Rapists banner. These people make me sick, Trump declared minutes after his security detail had fired more than thirty-eight rounds into the group -later identified as students from Florida Atlantic University- killing two of them instantly.\nThe third individual, an eighteen year-old FAU freshman, was dragged unconscious through the crowd as Trump supporters violently kicked and beat him, many using bottles, lawn chairs, and anything they could get their hands on, as weapons. The Maryland native, who had been shot five times by Trumps security detail, later died due to significant blunt force injuries, according to the Palm Beach County Medical Examiner.\nAmid the chaos that followed, Donald Trump declared that Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders had sent his communist sympathizers here to sabotage our evening. As thousands of fervent supporters chanted Make America Great Again, Trump accused a man who was wearing a Marco Rubio t-shirt of inciting a riot and demanded his removal from the venue by any means necessary.\nAs he was escorted off the premises, dozens of Trump supporters savagely punched and spat on him, with many accusing him of being a member of the Islamic State. Go back to Iraq you f***ing sand******, screeched one woman before striking him in the face with the wooden end of her Trump placard. Meanwhile, Mr. Trump could be heard on stage saying, I love it, I love it.\nThe man, who was later treated at West Palm Hospital for lacerations to his head and neck, identified himself as a first-generation Italian American and told WFLX FOX 29 that hed decided to attend the rally in hopes of learning more about Trumps position on immigration reform. However, following his experience, the man said he is most certainly voting for Hillary.\nDonald Trump told CNN hes not responsible for the violence that occurred at the Palm Beach rally on Sunday. These are people who deliberately came here with the intention of inciting violence, the GOP front-runner told Anderson Cooper. You saw this in Chicago and now youre seeing it here. This is a coordinated effort on part of the Sanders camp to undermine the electoral process and discredit me.\nTrump said he plans to cover the legal costs for more than eighty of his supporters who were wrongly detained by police following Sunday evenings mayhem.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Three people were killed after Secret Service agents tasked with protecting GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump opened fire on a group of protesters."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-21T18:36:51+00:00", "title": "President Obama, Sec. Def. Carter Unveil New Afghanistan Strategy", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/president-obama-secretary-of-defense-carter-unveil-new-afghan-strategy/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Beginning November 1st, U.S. military forces in Afghanistan will no longer be required to wear uniforms or display insignia identifying them as soldiers. The new uniform policy is part of a major Afghan policy overhaul outlined by President Barack Obama and Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter at the Pentagon today.\nWere revolutionizing the way our servicemen and women combat extremism on the battlefield, the president said, while adding that the strategy was conceived with the opinions of American voters in mind. A large majority of Americans feel the best way to combat gun violence in this country is with more guns, Obama said. So weve decided to apply that same mindset to the war on terrorism.\nIn the words of Sun Tzu, To know your enemy, you must become your enemy, Defense Secretary Carter said. In early October, the Department of Defense quietly began shipping its existing fleet of Humvees and armored personnel carriers out of Afghanistan. From this point forward, our soldiers primary form of transportation in Afghanistan will be the Toyota Hilux, Carter said. He added the Pentagon has already purchased nearly 80,000 of the popular pickup trucks favored by the Taliban and Islamic State.\nDefense Secretary Carter said the United States is preparing to halt air and artillery support in Afghanistan as it rolls out its new Single-Use Precision Strike program, or SUPS, a ground-based all-volunteer tactical unit comprised of soldiers bearing the rank of Private First Class (E-3) or lower. These individuals are able to blend into the local population and inflict overwhelming psychological and physical damage to the enemy, Carter said. In addition to the honor bestowed upon SUPS volunteers for their selfless sacrifice, their surviving kin are entitled to a $50,000 bereavement bonus.\nPresident Obama said Justice Department lawyers and senior Pentagon officials have been working to alter the Rules of Engagement for U.S. troops serving in Afghanistan. Were taking a more out-of-the-box approach to combat operations, the president said, adding, Were going to see a lot more unconventional guerrilla-style operations in the coming months.\nNeither President Obama nor Defense Secretary Carter would elaborate on the specifics of the so-called guerrilla operations but Obama said the Taliban and other extremist groups in Afghanistan would soon recieve a taste of their own medicine.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The new uniform policy is part of a \"major Afghan policy overhaul\" outlined by President Barack Obama and Secretary of Defense Carter at the Pentagon today."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-26T12:06:22+00:00", "title": "Sarah Palin Claims Black Lives Matter 'Rioters' Egged Her House", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/sarah-palin-claims-black-lives-matter-rioters-egged-her-house/", "text": "WASILLA, Ak.  Former Alaska governor and frequent Fox News contributor Sarah Palin said her Wasilla estate was overrun by a contingent of Black Lives Matter protesters over the weekend. In a rambling Facebook post, Palin revealed that she and her husband Todd had just sat down to enjoy a hearty Sunday morning breakfast when a horde of masked hooligans came pouring out of the woods and onto their property.\nFearing for their lives, Mr. and Mrs. Palin fled to the basement where they sealed themselves inside a state-of-the-art panic room  which the former vice presidential nominee installed immediately following President Obamas 2009 nomination  before contacting authorities. Palin described a moment of intense terror as she and Todd huddled together inside the small blast-resistant room, meanwhile rampant hooting and hollering could be heard from outside.\nBy the time Wasilla police had arrived at the Palin residence, the gang had vanished, leaving a chaotic scene of destruction in their wake. A spokesperson for the Wasilla police department told theMat-Su Valley Frontiersmanthat vandals had peppered the Palin compound with upwards of fifty dozen eggs. This was a well-coordinated attack, a source close to the Palin family told Fox News. What we know so far is that these individuals were well-trained and well-equipped. This was by no means amateur hour.\nPalin told authorities she initially believed the mob had been sent to silence her. They were here to suppress the voice of reason, she later charged on Facebook. These thugs were paid by the Obama administration to divide our nation. Palin went on to compare her experience to the 2012 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, where four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, lost their lives.\nAs of Monday evening, Wasilla authorities were still investigating a number of leads including a tip from the owner of a local grocery store who said hed sold a group of local kids approximately two hundred dollars worth of eggs less than an hour before the attack took place. This is the most credible information we have so far, Wasillas interim police chief Larry Dickerson said.\nDespite Chief Dickersons confidence that the matter would soon be resolved, Palin called the grocery store owners account a coincidence. The fact that theyre using a group of school children as scapegoats  it just goes to show you how far this administration is willing to go to cover for their friends in the Black Lives Matter movement, Palin told Fox News Shepard Smith, adding, Its sickening.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin said her Wasilla estate was overrun by a contingent of Black Lives Matter protesters over the weekend."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-09T10:14:22+00:00", "title": "Manitowoc Police Find Evidence Linking Steven Avery to MLK Death", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/manitowoc-investigators-find-evidence-linking-steven-avery-to-mlk-death/", "text": "MANITOWOC, Wi.  A spokesperson for the Manitowoc District Attorneys Office announced on Tuesday that state prosecutors will appear in federal court this week to file first degree murder charges against Manitowoc resident Steven Avery. In light of new evidence, we believe Mr. Avery played a senior role in the shooting death of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., on April 4, 1968, said Ryan Peters, a spokesperson for the DAs office.\nProsecutors allege that Mr. Avery, who is already serving a life sentence at the Waupun Correctional Institution in southeastern Wisconsin for first degree murder, traveled to Memphis, Tennessee -even staying in the Lorraine Motel on two occasions, in the days and weeks leading up to the assassination of late civil rights leader. Mr. Avery played a key role in the planning and execution of this brazen act and its high time that justice is served, Mr. Peters said.\nAt the request of state prosecutors, Manitowoc County sheriffs deputies traveled to Tennessee on official orders last month where they recovered a plethora of DNA belonging to Steven Avery. Mr. Peters said investigators were primarily focused on room 306 of the Lorraine Motel where Dr. King was staying the day he was shot and killed. Investigators say the motel, which was converted into the National Civil Rights Museum in 2014, was awash with traces of Mr. Avery. Its like he was just there yesterday, Mr. Peters commented. The DNA, which is said to include skin and hair follicles, has since been turned over to the FBI and is undergoing testing at a forensics lab in Quantico, Virginia.\nIn addition, investigators have reexamined evidence obtained by the FBI in the days following Dr. Kings assassination. Included in the treasure trove of evidence are a set of binoculars and the .30-06 Winchester rifle that was used in the shooting. Following an intensive forensics analysis, Mr. Averys fingerprints were found not just on the trigger, but all over the weapon, said Mr. Peters, who added that Mr. Avery likely obtained the rifle through legal means.\nA representative for the Avery family told WBAY Action 2 News -a Wisconsin ABC affiliate, that contrary to the allegations made by Manitowoc prosecutors, Mr. Avery has never been to Tennessee. Hes never even left the state, the spokesperson said. Furthermore, Mr. Averys defense team, in a statement released Tuesday, argued that Mr. Avery couldnt have been involved in Dr. Kings assassination because at the time of the shooting he was barely six years old.\nHowever, Manitowoc County prosecutors say none of that matters. Such theories and coincidences are irrelevant to the investigation, said Peters when questioned by a reporter with the Green Bay Press Gazette. Were in the business of presenting facts and examining evidence. Thats how we solve cases.\nIf convicted, Mr. Avery could find himself facing an additional life sentence for the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The prominent civil rights leader was thirty-nine years old at the time of his death.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "\"In light of new evidence, we believe Mr. Avery played a senior role in the shooting death of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., on April 4, 1968.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-12-06T11:03:43+00:00", "title": "Liberty University Pres Calls for Armed Crusade Against Muslims", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/president-of-liberty-university-calls-for-armed-crusade-against-muslims-2/", "text": "LYNCHBURG, Va.  In a fiery speech Friday, Liberty University President, Dr. Jerry Falwell, Jr.,called on studentsto take up arms against Islam, telling the Christian campus the time had come to end those Muslims. Falwell urged the overwhelmingly white student body to obtain firearm permits and openly carry loaded weapons both on and off campus.\nLets teach them a lesson if they ever show up here, Falwell declared before a packed stadium of cheering students, many of whom could be heard chanting God is great. Immediately following the convocation, celebratory gunfire erupted around the campus with both students and faculty in participation.\nThe FBI announced Saturday that it has launched an investigation into the universitys possible ties to Christian extremist groups. In light of recent events, were taking this very seriously, FBI Special Agent Tariq al-Aghbar said during a press conference in Washington. The FBI has obtained a treasure trove of audio and video footage shot in secret by an unidentified Liberty University student. The Bureau would not disclose its content, however, Special Agent al-Aghbar described the footage as very disturbing stuff.\nPresident Barack Obama asked the Department of Justice to look into Liberty University alumni after local CBS affiliate WDBJ7 reported the university has received more than four million rounds of ammunition and several hundred long guns in the form of gifts and donations from former students since September of 2014. A DOJ official speaking on condition of anonymity told The Washington Post there is overwhelming evidence of radicalization taking place on the Lynchburg-based campus.\nIn a statement released Saturday, Dr. Falwell reassured supporters he is not backing down and vowed to do everything in his power to secure the campus from the impending wave of Islam that is violently approaching the sandy beaches of America. President Obama is expected to speak on the matter in a special address to the nation regarding domestic terrorism at 8 p.m. EST Sunday evening.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "LYNCHBURG, Va. - In a fiery speech Friday, Liberty University President, Dr. Jerry Falwell, Jr., called on students to take up arms against Islam..."}
{"published_time": "2016-05-17T16:57:25+00:00", "title": "Zimmerman Asking $100,000 for Gun He Used to Kill Trayvon Martin", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/george-zimmerman-asking-100000-for-gun-he-used-to-kill-trayvon-martin-2/", "text": "ORLANDO, Fl.  Former neighborhood watch member George Zimmerman, who was acquitted of second degree murder in the shooting death of African-American teen Trayvon Martin, is once again trying to sell the pistol he used in February of 2012 to shoot and kill the unarmed child in self-defense.\nZimmerman recently tried to sell the semi-automatic Kel-Tec PF-9 pistol on UnitedGunGroup.com but the auctionwas suspended after a number of individuals from around the world placed false bids on the weapon, eventually pushing its price from $5,000 to $65 million.\nNow Mr. Zimmerman has relisted the handgun on UnitedGunGroup.comwith a starting bid of $100,000. However, potential buyers have the option to forgo the auction entirely and immediately purchase the American firearm icon for a modest price of half a million dollars. As an added bonus, Mr. Zimmerman is throwing in fifty shell casings recovered from the Sandy Hook massacre which he initially intended to auction off separately for $2,000 a piece.\nGeorge Zimmerman stated that he intends to use the proceeds from the semi-automatic pistol  which carries an MSRP of $225  and the spent shell casings retrieved from Sandy Hook Elementary School as part of a down payment on a multi-million dollar residence in Coral Gabels, Florida. Zimmerman plans to use the secluded beachfront estate, which comes complete with two tennis courts and a helicopter landing pad, to launch a campaign against gun control and the Black Lives Matter movement.\nA source close to Mr. Zimmerman told USA Today on Mondaythat the thirty-two year-old insurance underwriter is also working with a Florida-based conservative organization that specializes in protecting the Second Amendment to establish a defense fund for people who have been convicted  wrongly or otherwise  of killing unarmed children.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former neighborhood watch member George Zimmerman, who was acquitted of second degree murder in the shooting death of African-American teen Trayvon Martin"}
{"published_time": "2015-12-13T14:53:39+00:00", "title": "Trump Emails Detail Plans for Systematic Purge of Muslim Staff", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/anonymous-trump-emails-detail-plans-systematic-purge-muslim-staff/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  The hacktivist collective known as Anonymous has released a cache of internal documents and emails between Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and high-ranking members of his companys loss prevention team. The leakeddocumentsdetail efforts to systematically purge the Trump Organizations U.S.-based hotels and resorts of its Muslim staff, effectively making them Muslim-free zones.\nDating as far back as July of 2015, the documents reveal a vast intelligence network within the Trump Organizations Loss Prevention Department operating independently of the corporate command structure and reporting directly, and often in secret, to Mr. Trump. Loss prevention agents working under Mr. Trumps direction have amassed a detailed database containing the name, address, and marital status of every Muslim employed by the Trump Organization.\nIn addition, the database contains similar information relating to each employees frequent contacts, which includeimmediate family members,relatives, and acquaintances. A separate list within the database contains the names and addresses of nearly three thousand employees who are described as Suspected Muslims, meaning their religious beliefs have not been confirmed by Loss Prevention agents but observed statements and behavioral factors indicate they couldidentify asMuslims.\nA packet of documents dated November 3, 2015, and marked confidential includes a draft of an email purportedly notifying employees of an upcoming all expenses paid mandatory corporate retreat. Advertised as a family friendly event, the retreat is set for the weekend of January 23rd in Nevada. At the personal request of Mr. Donald Trump himself, the draft reads, employees are highly encouraged to bring their families along for the fun. Participate in a series of team building exercises designed for the whole family and enter for your chance to win a host of exciting prizes including an all expenses-included, week-long, paidvacation to the destination of your choice!\nPending editorial approval, the invitation is scheduled to be sent en masse on December 22nd to the email addresses associated with every employee listed in the secretive Loss Prevention database. A second encrypted file included in the packet contains aerial photographs of two locations believed to be in the Mojave Desert. Labeled Location 1 and Location 2, the photographs at first glance, are nearly identical.\nThe desertterrain in each image is barren save for what appears to be a recently constructed asphalt landing strip. The sheer size of the runways seems to indicate they are each capable of accommodating several commercial sized aircraft. Roughly one hundred yards away from each landing strip are two football field-sized excavation pits. The purpose of the pits is not explained in the documents but an accompanying scanned copy of a handwrittenreceipt confirms the delivery of four industrial waste incinerators and thirty tons of potassium hydroxide, or lye, a chemical often used in the disposal of human corpses.\nA new poll released Saturday shows Texas Senator Ted Cruz has jumped to 31% in Iowa,gaining a ten point lead over Donald Trump who, until this weekend, held a firm grip on his position as the GOPs frontrunner. Trump came under fire from both sides of the aisle last week following statements he madecalling fora ban onMuslims entering the United States. Mr. Trumpcontinues to standby his remarks, saying the ban is necessary due to security concerns and has nothing to do with religion.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NEW YORK, Ny. - The hacktivist collective known as Anonymous has released a cache of internal documents and emails from GOP front-runner Donald Trump..."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-28T09:22:12+00:00", "title": "Obama Issues Executive Order Granting Himself a $440,000 Raise", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/obama-issues-executive-order-granting-himself-a-440000-raise/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama on Monday signed an executive order authorizing a temporary 110% salary increase for the Executive Office of the President. The executive order, which is set to expire on January 29, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. EST, will bring Mr. Obamas annual income from $400,000 a year to $840,000 for 2016.\nThe salary increase also extends to the presidents most trusted advisers, including top tier members of the White House National Security Council, who  at President Obamas discretion  will receive a sixty to seventy-five percent raise this year as well as a custom-made S550Mercedes-Benz. Aptly named the White House Edition, the $105,000 2016 S-Class Mercedes comes standard with state-of-the-art armor plating, providing its occupants with enhanced protection from small arms fire and explosives.\nOne of the many things the president took away from his tour of Latin America last week was the realization that hes being paid remarkably less than other world leaders, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters during a briefing on Monday. The president feels his current salary fails to adequately reflect the sacrifices hes made for the American people.\nPresident Obama reportedly expressed disbelief over the size of La Casa Rosada, the luxurious executive residence of His Excellency Mauricio Marci, Argentinas beloved president. The estate was especially befitting of a leader who is both modest and fatherly to his people, President Obama later told CNNs Anderson Cooper.\nHowever, the president admitted the extravagant Argentinian mansion paled in comparison to that of Cuban president Raul Castro. The Cuban people have the utmost reverence for their leader; they view him in an almost omnipotent light, Mr. Obama noted, adding that, in contrast, Americans often exhibit a distinct lack of respect for authority.\nWere he permitted to serve a third term, President Obama said that he would dedicate a significant portion of his time in office to educating the American public on the value of respect.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 President Barack Obama on Monday signed an executive order authorizing a temporary 110% salary increase for the Executive Office of the President. The executive order, which is set to expire on January 29, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. EST, will bring Mr. Obama\u2019s annual income from $400,000 a year to $840,000 for 2016. \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-05-18T09:17:46+00:00", "title": "Prince William, Kate Middleton Buy $24,000 House in Detroit", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/prince-william-kate-middleton-buy-24000-house-in-downtown-detroit/", "text": "DETROIT, Mi.  Prince William and his lovely wife Kate Middleton have purchased a two-bedroom home in Detroits east side, Nancy Baker, a local real estate agent who sealed the deal with the royal couple, told theDetroit Free Press on Tuesday.\nAfter visiting several properties in the greater Detroit area, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge settled on modest Victorian-style home with a screened-in porch nestled comfortably on the corner of Helen Street and Mack Avenue. Its such a beautiful property, Mrs. Baker said of the single-family home located across the street from the Greater Mt. Carmel Missionary Baptist church.\nThe strapping Prince William and his delightful wife, Catherine, are rumored to have already enrolled young Prince George at Bunche Elementary-Middle School on Macomb Street where he will begin kindergarten this fall. The Duke and Duchess have expressed a rather peculiar desire to expose Prince George to the life of a simple peasant, a source close to the Royal family told the popular British tabloidThe Sun.\nMany parts of Detroit, particularly the citys east side where the prince and Kate Middleton plan to raise their two children, are ranked among the highest in the country for violent crime. The neighborhood consisting of Mack Avenue and Helen Street in downtown Detroit has an eighty-nine percent child poverty rate, said Brian Whitaker, an investigator with the Southern Poverty Law Center. However we expect that percentage will drop by at least half following the arrival of the royal family.\nThe Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, along with Prince George and Princess Charlotte, are expected to arrive at Detroit Metropolitan Airport in Wayne County on Thursday, June 30th. The Royal family are scheduled to hold court with Detroit mayor Mike Duggan before finally settling in at their new residence.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "DETROIT, Mi. - Prince William and his lovely wife Kate Middleton have purchased a two-bedroom home in Detroit's east side..."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-30T12:57:24+00:00", "title": "Quicken Loans Arena to Allow Bladed Weapons at Republican Convention - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/quicken-loans-arena-to-allow-bladed-weapons-at-republican-convention/", "text": "CLEVELAND, Oh.  The Quicken Loans Arena  site of the upcoming 2016 Republican National Convention  has overruled a decision by the U.S. Secret Service to block attendees from openly carrying weapons at the event. The American people have spoken and we will not allow their voice to be silenced, arena spokesman David Alick announced on Wednesday.\nReferencing aChange.orgpetition that was launched last week in support of the right to openly carry firearms at the convention, Alick said the arena  in a show of protest  will instead permit attendees to openly carry bladed weapons. The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed, Alick declared as he unsheathed a two-meter long Japanese long sword that he vowed to carry alongside fellow GOP supporters at Julys convention.\nArena officials will release a full list of permitted weapons in the weeks leading up to the convention but according to Mr. Alick, attendees are allowed to bring anything from pocket knives to swords; sickles, spears, battle axes, and war scythes. However, for security reasons, blunt weapons, such as baseball bats and mace, are forbidden.\nThis is about exercising our constitutional rights, Ohio governor and GOP presidential candidate John Kasich told Megyn Kelly during an appearance on Fox News. That Obama and his Secret Service would deny us these fundamental rights while at the same time handing our tax dollars over to illegal immigrants and refugees is possibly the greatest injustice of the twenty-first century, Kasich said. The Ohio governor said he plans to bring a 7th century Merovingian two-handed battle-axe, on loan from the Smithsonian, to the convention.\nA spokesperson for the Secret Service released a statementon Tuesday regarding firearms at the Republican National Convention, saying, Individuals determined to be carrying firearms will not be allowed past a predetermined outer perimeter checkpoint, regardless of whether they possess a ticket to the event. However, as of Wednesday afternoon, the Secret Service had not yet taken a position on bladed weapons.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CLEVELAND, Oh. \u2013 The Quicken Loans Arena \u2013 site of the upcoming 2016 Republican National Convention \u2013 has overruled a decision by the U.S. Secret Service to block attendees from openly carrying weapons at the event. \u201cThe American people have spoken and we will not allow their voice to be silenced,\u201d arena spokesman David Alick \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-05-03T07:39:37+00:00", "title": "N.C. Man Facing Criminal Charges for Violating 'Bathroom Bill'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/north-carolina-man-facing-criminal-charges-for-violating-bathroom-bill-resisting-arrest/", "text": "CHARLOTTE, N.C.  A North Carolina man is facing a slew of charges including felony child abuse and resisting arrest after he allegedly violated the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act by bringing his two year-old daughter into a mens restroom at Northlake Mall last weekend where authorities say he planned to change her diaper.\nAccording to a criminal complaint filed Monday morning at the Mecklenberg County Superior Court, on April 29, officers with the Charlotte-Mecklenberg Police Department observed thirty-two year-old Jacob Schmidt, who, at the time, was carrying his two year-old daughter, enter the mens public restroom near Dicks Sporting Goods.\nThe officers immediately followed Schmidt into the clearly marked mens bathroom where they confronted him as he attempted to enter a stall meant for the physically handicapped. As one officer worked to safely evacuate other patrons from the restroom, the other asked to see the childs birth certificate. According to court documents, Schmidt immediately became defensive, telling the officer, I need to change my daughters diaper.\nMr. Schmidt was carrying a Dora the Explorer-themed canvas tote bag over his left shoulder which he began to reach for in a threatening manner, according to CMPD chief of police Courtney Bradshaw, who spoke to reporters Monday afternoon. Our officers acted quickly, using a Taser to subdue the suspect, Bradshaw said.\nOnce the suspect had been taken into custody, officers performed a field test to determine the two year-old childs sex. Once it was determined that the child was in fact a female, Mr. Schmidt was read his rights and formally charged with criminal trespass, endangering the welfare of a minor, and resisting arrest, Chief Bradshaw said, adding that Schmidt showed zero remorse for his crimes.\nThis man is sick, said Assistant District Attorney Angela Hanefeld. Jacob Schmidt is a pervert who poses a grave threat to society and should never have been allowed near a child in the first place. Mrs. Hanefeld said Schmidts two year-old daughter, whose identity is being kept secret for her safety, has been turned over to Child Protective Services while she awaits foster care. Its a very sad situation, said Hanefeld. Fortunately we have laws in place to keep predators like Jacob Schmidt off the streets.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A North Carolina man is facing a slew of charges including felony child abuse after he allegedly took his two year-old daughter into a men's restroom..."}

{"published_time": "2016-01-27T11:49:01+00:00", "title": "Police: 14 Killed at Ohio Federal Building Had Ties to BLM", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/police-14-killed-at-cleveland-federal-building-had-ties-to-blm/", "text": "CLEVELAND, Oh.  Fourteen people who were killed in a shootout with police last week after they refused to vacate a federal building in downtown Cleveland may have had ties to the Black Lives Matter movement, according to a high-ranking official involved with the investigation.\nOn the morning of January 20, Cleveland police responded to reports of looting near the Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building on East 9th Street. Upon arrival, officers observed more than a dozen African-American men and women milling about in a suspicious manner near the buildings main entrance. Outnumbered and fearing for their safety, officers called for backup before approaching the group.\nWhen an armored SWAT unit finally arrived, Cleveland police moved in and quickly surrounded the individuals who, according to official reports, exhibited threatening behavior by refusing to adhere to the officers orders. In the ensuing commotion, authorities say one of the looters appeared to reach for an officers service weapon prompting police to open fire in self-defense. After a two-minute exchange and more than fifteen hundred shots fired by police, all fourteen suspects were dead.\nAccording to investigators, all but one of the suspects were found to be in possession of Black Lives Matter literature. In addition, our forensics team found a number of placards and poster boards touting similar militant rhetoric near the suspects bodies, Detective Roy Abernathy told reporters during a press conference Wednesday morning.\nDetective Abernathy said the FBI was called in last week to look into the frightening but all too real possibility that the militants may have been involved in a larger plot to kill law enforcement officers. In light of recent events, we take even the smallest threat to our officers very seriously, the detective said, adding that authorities are questioning the suspects close friends and relatives in an attempt to determine if and when any of these military-aged youth were radicalized.\nIn a joint statement issued Wednesday with Cleveland officials, a spokesman for the FBI said the groups leadershipare no longer a threat to the community and any future attempts to occupy the Anthony J. Celebreeze building have been thwarted. This community can finally begin to heal the deep wounds that this illegal activity has created over the last week.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CLEVELAND, Oh. - Fourteen people who were killed in a shootout with police may have had ties to the Black Lives Matter movement..."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-27T12:38:00+00:00", "title": "Officials: Wolves Who Slaughtered 19 Elk in 'Sport Killing' Were High on Meth - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/officials-wolves-slaughtered-19-elk-sport-killing-high-meth/", "text": "BONDURANT, Wy.  A pack of wolves who viciously slaughterednineteen elk in what wildlife officials have referred to as a sport killing, may have been high on meth, John Lundt, a spokesperson for the Wyoming Game and Fish Department, said during a joint press conference with the Sublette County Sheriffs Office Sunday morning.\nOur deputies  acting on an unrelated tip  discovered the remnants of an amateur outdoor drug lab on the outskirts of Bondurant last night, Sublette County Sheriff Brent Andrews told reporters. Based on evidence collected at the scene, we believe the apparatus was designed to produce large quantities of methamphetamine. However, it wasnt until after authorities located a makeshift security camera that had been dangling from a low-hanging tree branch, that they realized the lab had been ransacked by wolves rather than a rival drug gang.\nBy our estimate the wolves had enough junk in their systems to kill a busload of seasoned tweakers, Sheriff Andrews stated. We ought to be thankful they found the elk instead of a group of hikers; you want to talk about a PR nightmare. Both Andrews and Lundt agreed the wolves likely had no concept of reality when they encountered the herd and presumably believed it was the elk who were in fact the real threat.\nMeths one helluva drug, admitted Sheriff Andrews before clarifying that he was not speaking from personal experience. Ive seen it do crazy things to people, he later said.\nDespite clear evidence showing the wolves under the influence of narcotics, authorities say little can be done regarding the matter. Wolves are federally protected by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Mr. Lundt explained. So even though meth played a prominent role in these savage killings, the federal government is committed to ensuring the wolves survival.\nIn 2014, a federal judge overturned a 2012 decision to remove wolves from the endangered species list, thus remanding them to federal control.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "BONDURANT, Wy. \u2013 A pack of wolves who viciously slaughtered\u00a0nineteen elk in what wildlife officials have referred to as a \u2018sport killing,\u201d may have been high on meth, John Lundt, a spokesperson for the Wyoming Game and Fish Department, said during a joint press conference with the Sublette County Sheriff\u2019s Office Sunday morning. \u201cOur deputies \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-02-01T10:00:22+00:00", "title": "White House Approves Texas-Based Turkish Military Installation", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/white-house-approves-texas-based-turkish-military-installation/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  The White House finalized a historic agreement with the Turkish government today after officials met in Washington to sign a sixty-year open-ended lease on just over one thousand acres of land in Milam County, Texas, where the Turkish government plans to erect an air force base.\nThe agreement, facilitated by Secretary of State John Kerry, effectively marks the first time in American history that a foreign military will be allowed to maintain a permanent base on U.S. soil. This is a proud moment for the Turkish people, said Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, speaking to reporters from the steps of the Harry S. Truman Building in downtown D.C. moments before he signed the binding document.\nThe pact also comes as a major economic victory for Milam County. With a population just shy of twenty-five thousand, Milam County and the surrounding area expect to see a huge boom in commerce with the arrival of nearly fourteen thousand Turkish soldiers and servicemen who will live and work on the base.\nWeve always had a steady stream of business from Fort Hood, Cameron City Mayor Connie Anderle told CBS Austin. Folks in Cameron have always embraced the military culture, Mayor Anderle said while adding thatCameronCity council members are planning a block party to officially welcome the Turkish Air Forces Strategic Atlantic Command to its new home ineastern Texas.\nA source with intimate knowledge of the negotiation process told The El Paso Times that American and Turkish officials had their sights set on at least three different locations in Texas and Louisiana before deciding on Milam County. In the end it was the Brazos River that sealed the deal, the official said, noting that the river empties out into the Gulf of Mexico.\nConstruction of the state-of-the-artstrategic air base is scheduled to begin in early March and is expected to cost somewhere in the ballpark of $385 billion. Turkey currently maintains just over half adozen military bases throughout the Middle East and Africa. In contrast, the United States has as many as 662 military bases in 38 foreign countries.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - The White House finalized a historic agreement with the Turkish government today after officials met to sign a 60 year open-ended lease.."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-18T06:15:52+00:00", "title": "British Government Imposes Emergency Ban on Emoijis", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/british-government-imposes-emergency-ban-on-emojis/", "text": "LONDON, Eng.  Britains parliament voted on Monday to enact an immediate ban on the emoji  a type of digital image commonly used to express ideas or emotions  after a recent report by Belgian authorities revealed the extremists who carried out multiple attacks in Brussels and Paris used several variations of the popular icon to plan and coordinate their violent acts.\nThese digital images pose a grave threat to the United Kingdom, British Prime Minister David Cameron declared during an address to parliament. Mr. Cameron said Britains Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) has already begun the tedious process of gathering data on all British citizens  both at home and abroad  who use emojis as a form of communication.\nPrime Minister Cameron said the U.S. National Security Agency has granted GCHQ unfettered access to a comprehensive database of emojis used by Islamic extremists. At first glance, many of these emojis appear harmless and  at times  even funny, explained Robert Codsworth, a former cyber security specialist and British intelligence officer. But when used in conjunction with other emojis, their meaning transforms into something much more sinister.\nCiting a potential national security breach, British officials would not disclose exactly which emojis are most prevalent among Islamic extremists. However, an American intelligence officer speaking on condition of anonymity told BBC News that the Islamic State uses side-by-sidepeachandeggplantemojis to indicate the use of a suicide vest. Adding a collisionemoji to the pair serves as an order to detonate the vest.\nOther codes, according to the American official, include ahaloemoji combined with askull and crossboneswhich translates to death to Christians. Swapping the halo icon with aJapanese orgeemoji changes Christians to Jews.\nPrime Minister Cameron on Monday advised British citizens to immediately cease all forms of communications involving emojis. It is now the policy of the UK to immediately detain and charge any individual who violates the ban in accordance with the Terrorism Act of 2006, said Mr. Cameron. The prime minister concluded that British citizens should learn to express their emotions with words if they wish to avoid potentially life-altering legal action.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The UK has enacted an immediate ban on emojis after authorities revealed extremists used several variations to plan and coordinate violent acts."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-10T00:15:04+00:00", "title": "Many U.S. Cities Report Surge in Cop-on-Cop Violence", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/many-u-s-cities-report-surge-in-cop-on-cop-violence/", "text": "BOSTON, Ma.  At least twenty-six people were hospitalized last month following a brawl between Boston police and Massachusetts State Troopers outside of a Whole Foods in downtown Boston. Witnesses say at least two officers with the Boston Police Department accosted a State Trooper as he exited the Whole Foods on Cambridge Street. One officer allegedly told the trooper, Go back to f****** Framingham, you c***, before ripping the troopers groceries from his hands and hurling them into the street.\nShoppers and Whole Foods employees watched in horror as the two officers began beating and kicking the trooper, all the while screaming obscenities at him, until he collapsed on the pavement. Miraculously, the trooper was able to call for backup before losing consciousness. Massachusetts State Troopers attempted to defuse the situation but were overwhelmed when a Boston Police Special Operations Unit arrived on scene and began firing rubber bullets and tear gas in the direction of the troopers. In all, seven troopers and nineteen bystanders were treated by paramedics for non-life threatening injuries.\nOver the last decade weve witnessed the rise of a disturbing and often unreported trend in the law enforcement community, said Dr. Carl Gapinski, a former LAPD detective and criminologist. These encounters are happening all over the country but are most prevalent in departments that have received military-grade weapons and hardware from the Pentagon. Dr. Gapinski said a variety of factors contribute to the surge in police violence but available data suggests jurisdiction disputes or turf wars are the primary cause.\nJust outside the nations capital, in April of this year, two Fairfax County police officers shot and killed an Arlington County police detective after he initiated a traffic stop less than a quarter of a mile outside of his jurisdiction. Following light media attention, both officers were immediately placed on paid leave, however no charges were filed and one officer was later promoted.\nIn another incident, this time in Florida, a Coral Gables SWAT team carried out what authorities later described as a late-night no-knock drug raid on a rival police department four days after losing a state-funded softball tournament. During the raid, Coral Gables police utilized a Mine-Resistant Armored Personnel vehicle (MRAP) to breach the rival departments main entrance before firing tear gas and stun grenades into the building using Department of Defense-issued shoulder-fired grenade launchers.\nThis militarized mindset coupled with high testosterone levels creates a dangerous environment that, as weve seen time and time again, can easily escalate beyond the walls of the department, said former FBI Special Agent Ricardo Gutierrez. According to the FBIs 2014 Uniform Crime Report, nearly 1 in 10 American police officers engaged in some form of aggressive action against officers from another department that year. As more and more police departments across the United States begin to embrace a militarized version of law enforcement, Gutierrez said, those numbers will continue to grow.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Many U.S. Cities are reporting a surge in violence within the law enforcement community."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-17T12:33:33+00:00", "title": "Child Predator Caught After Multi-State Chase", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/child-predator-caught-after-multi-state-chase-amber-alert-canceled/", "text": "NEW CASTLE, De.  An Amber Alert was called off Friday afternoon after police arrested a child predator who led them on a fifty mile high-speed chase that spanned two states and left eleven people, including four police officers, dead.\nIt all began Friday morning when Carla Menendez, a third grade teacher at New Castle Elementary School, noticed her student, eight-year old Kyle Jefferson, was absent from class. School officials contacted Kyles parents, Tom and Eileen Jefferson, who said the last theyd seen or heard from their son had been when he boarded a county school bus just an hour before. It was then that school officials notified the New Castle Country Police Department, who issued an Amber Alert for Kyle Jefferson.\nAt approximately 10:05 a.m. New Castle police received a call from a concerned citizen who spotted the young Kyle Jefferson near The Home Depot on Sunset Boulevard. Officers were en route to The Home Depot when a dispatcher notified them that the silent alarm had been triggered nearby at the Citizens Bank on North Dupont Highway.\nPolice arrived on the scene to find mild-manneredKyle Jefferson exiting Citizens Bank, with his backpack -whichappeared to be stuffed with cash-around his shoulders, while brandishing a Uzi submachine gun. Before police could intervene, Kyle, who came in Second Place in his schools science fair this year, opened fire on the officers vehicles. In the ensuing chaos, young Kyle Jefferson was able to hijack a New Castle Police cruiser and flee the scene.\nMoments later additional units were in pursuit of the stolen police car as it traveled south on Dupont Highway while weaving in and out of traffic. Miraculously, the unassuming eight-year-old was able to shoot out the tires of the lead police car, causing it to veer off the road into a Sunocogas station where it struck a fuel line and exploded. The resulting fire destroyed five nearby businesses, including the Sunoco, and left seven people dead.\nShortly after passing the Maryland-Delaware state line, the youthful Kyle Jeffersons commandeered police car encountered a roadblock set up by Maryland State Troopers. Upon hitting a spike strip at one hundred miles per hour, Kyles front tires were torn apart causing the vehicle to flip over roughly nine times before coming to a rest on the median. Officers rushed the vehicle, taking the child, who was remarkably unharmed, into custody. Kyle Jefferson, who officers described as extremely polite, was found to have a fully automatic Uzi submachine gun, $2,500 in cash, and a two-pound bag of lollipops in his possession.\nHes just never done anything like this before in his life, said Eileen Jefferson, Kyles mother, who, like many others in New Castle County, spoke very highly of her son. Mrs. Jefferson believes Kyle may have become overly excited after playing the video game Grand Theft Auto V at a friends house earlier in the week. Its the only possible explanation I can think of, she said. Police are currently investigating the matter and, as of press time, no charges have been filed.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "An Amber Alert was called off Friday afternoon after police arrested a child predator who led them on a fifty mile high-speed chase that spanned two states."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-08T07:26:45+00:00", "title": "Source: Malaysia Airlines Downed Russian Metrojet with Drone", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/source-malaysia-airlines-downed-russian-metrojet-with-drone/", "text": "SINAI PENINSULA, Eg.  A U.S. intelligence official speaking on condition of anonymity becausethey were not authorized to speak to the press told The Washington Post today that overwhelming evidence suggests an air-to-air missile, rather than an on-board explosive device, likelybrought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypts Sinai Peninsula last Saturday. The Russian commercial airliner wasboundfor St. Petersburg but crashed shortly after departing from Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport in Egypt with 224 people on board.\nAn Egyptian militant group affiliated with the Islamic State released a statement on Twitter claiming responsibility for the crash but Egyptian officials have not yetput forthan official statement citing the cause of the crash. All scenarios are out on the table, Ayman al-Muqaddam, Egypts chief investigator told reporters Saturday. We dont know what happened exactly. Al-Muqaddam added that ISIS has beenknown to lay claim to events wellbeyond the scope of its capabilities.\nDespite Egypts uncertainty, newintel obtained by the United Statesseems to rule out thepossibility of Islamic extremism altogether,instead suggesting the crash was the result of a retaliatory attack carried out by Malaysia Airlines against Russia. U.S. military satellite imageryand radar analysis indicate an AIM-92Stinger air-to-air missile launched from anMQ-9 Reaperunmanned drone struck the aircraftshortly after takeoff as it few over the Sinai Peninsula.\nIntelligence officials believe Malaysia Airlines,one ofroughly a dozencommercial airline companiesthat maintaina small fleet of unmanned aerial drones, carried out the attack in response toRussias involvement in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17on July 17, 2014. Two hundred and eighty-three passengers and fifteen crew members were killed when MH17 crashed near Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine,approximately 40 kilometers from the Russian border.An investigation led by the Dutch Safety Board determined thecommercial airliner wasstruck by a missile fired from a Buk SA-11 surface-to-air missile systemlocated inside Ukrainian territory.\nThedowning ofMH17 by pro-Russian separatists was the second majorincidentresulting in loss of life for Malaysia Airlines that year. Four months prior to the crash, on March 8, 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 lost contact with air traffic controllers less than an hour after its departure from Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia,and wasbelieved to have gone down somewhereover the southernIndian Ocean.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "SINAI PENINSULA, Eg. - A U.S. intelligence official told The Washington Post today that \"overwhelming evidence\" suggests an air-to-air missile..."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-07T05:06:22+00:00", "title": "IKEA Enters Global Defense Industry With New Product LIne", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/ikea-rolls-out-new-product-line-enters-global-defense-industry/", "text": "ALMHULT, Se.  The international furniture designer and retail conglomerate known as IKEA officially announced this week that beginning July 1st, a new line of defense oriented products will be available for purchase through its website and select retail outlets around the world. IKEA, best known for its line of furniture and home accessories, first unveiled its new product line in February at the International Defence Expedition & Conference, otherwise known as IDEX, at the Abu Dhabi Exhibition Centre in the United Arab Emirates.\nFlanked by veteran defense contractors such as Lockheed Martin and General Dynamics, representatives from IKEAs Defense Research & Analytics Group presented potential consumers with their signature line of ready-to-assemble defensive combat products. From mobile anti-aircraft systems to compact tactical carbines, IKEA displayed an uncanny ability to integrate their existing sales mantra into the defense and security industry.\nAt IKEA we have a slogan, You do a little. We do a little. And together we save a lot,' Mayda Sorenson told prospective buyers during a live-fire demonstration of the Ready-To-Assemble Personal Defense Weapon, a compact assault rifle designed for special operations forces. The RTA-PDW can be easily assembled in a high-stress situation, even by an inexperienced operator, in under eight minutes, Sorenson explained, adding that every product, including the RTA-PDW, comes packaged with user-friendly assembly instructions in twelve languages, including English, French, Arabic, and Chinese. At IKEA we believe in providing quality products at an affordable price, Sorenson said before demonstrating the RTA-PDWs burst-fire capabilities on a practice dummy.\nThis reporter spoke with Lieutenant General Khurshid Rasheed of the Iraqi Armys 9th Armoured Division. Iraqs Ministry of Defence recently purchased some fifty Ready-to-Assemble T-3 Mobile Anti-Aircraft Systems from IKEA for use in their fight against the Islamic State. At a cost of less than a third of other systems, such as the Patriot Air and Missile Defense System manufactured by American defense contractor Raytheon, the T-3 performs just as well, if not better, according to General Rasheed, who said, It took some time to understand the instructions but my men were able to assemble two of these systems in just a few hours time. The General added that during assembly, his soldiers discovered a majority of the anti-aircraft systems were missing two or three required screws, but nonetheless performed exceptionally well during live-fire exercises.\nThe RTA T-3 Mobile Anti-Aircraft System and other similar products are only available for purchase online or through IKEAs corporate office. However small arms, such as the RTA-PDW and other weapons, including ready-to-assemble landmines, will be available for purchase at select IKEA outlets beginning July 1st. IKEAs Jeddah and Riyadh locations in Saudi Arabia were among the first to receive the new inventory.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "IKEA, best known for its line of furniture and home accessories, first unveiled its new product line in February at IDEX in the United Arab Emirates."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-24T18:19:10+00:00", "title": "Bradley Cooper to Wed 'American Sniper' Widow", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/bradley-cooper-to-wed-american-sniper-widow/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Actor Bradley Cooper, who portrayed U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle in the Oscar nominated film American Sniper, has revealed that he and Taya Kyle, the snipers widow, are engaged to be married.\nThe announcement came during the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in L.A. Sunday night following the Academy Awards ceremony. We wanted to announce this during the acceptance speech for Best Picture, a smiling Cooper told attendees of the after party while standing hand in hand with Taya, adding, but it didnt work out that way.\nThe couple have yet to publicly confirm the location of the ceremony but Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican, has offered to host the wedding at the Governors Mansion in downtown Austin. Speaking with reporters Monday afternoon, Governor Abbott said he would be honored to host the ceremony in honor of Chris Kyle.\nA relative speaking on behalf of Mr. Cooper told this reporter the wedding will be held sometime in the fall and that the couple wants to wait until after Eddie Ray Routh, who is on trial for the murder of Chris Kyle and another man, is convicted, saying, Taya understandably wants to close that chapter in her life before beginning a new one.\nAmerican Sniper picked up the award for Best Sound Editing but failed to win Best Picture, which was awarded to the film Birdman, starring Michael Keaton.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Actor Bradley Cooper, who portrayed U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle in the film 'American Sniper,' has revealed that he and Taya Kyle are engaged to be married."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-24T22:48:45+00:00", "title": "New Fox Reality Show 'Are You Braver Than the Troops'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/foxs-new-reality-show-are-you-braver-than-the-troops-set-to-air-in-august/", "text": "CLAREMORE, Ok.  On May 28th a massive storm swept through Claremore, Oklahoma, leaving a path of destruction in its wake. High flood waters and downed power lines left many residents stranded in their homes for days, some without electricity or running water. Sam Duggan, a sixteen year-old Boy Scout, spotted his neighbors dog stranded and fighting for its life amid rising waters. Risking his own safety, Sam plunged into the turbulent waters to rescue the golden retriever. Many, including the towns mayor, Bill Flanagan, have hailed Sam as a hero, citing him for his bravery in the face of danger.\nNow Sam will join eleven other people, including a 47 year-old librarian who gave her kidney to save the life of a member of her community, as they compete against active duty soldiers in Foxs newest reality series Are You Braver Than the Troops? From the creators of Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?, the show, according to producer Barry Poznick, aims to set a standard for how we measure bravery.\nHosted by comedian Joe Rogan, a Fear Factor veteran, and U.S. Air Force SERE specialist Chief Master Sergeant Nicholas Benning, the show is filmed at an undisclosed location some thirty miles from Fort Bliss. Upon arrival contestants will break off into three teams of four and compete against a squad of Army Rangers whove recently returned from East Africa. After passing the first round of tests which consist of physical endurance and hand-to-hand combat, contestants will, in theory, progress through ten more rounds.\nThe second, third, and fourth rounds, as described by Chief Master Sergeant Benning, include search and rescue exercises, explosive ordnance removal, and a live-fire house-to-house search for armed insurgents. We had one contestant fall on a live grenade, Benning said, adding, But you cant show stuff like that on TV. Producers said the series will be aired in a made-for-TV format and listed as M-rated, adding that, prior to filming, every contestant signed a non disclosure agreement and a death waiver while in the presence of an attorney.\nShould a contestant prove that he or she is, in fact, braver than the troops, producers saId the surviving contestant will receive not one, but two awards. According to co-producer Carla Hersch, the winner collects a lifetime Veterans Parking Spot at their area Walmart as well as a VA medical benefits package. Above all they earn respect, Chief Master Sergeant Benning said.\nIn the event an Army Ranger is declared winner, they will not be entitled to the prize package. Are You Braver Than the Troops? is set to air in August, following Bones, as part of the Fox Fall lineup.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "'Are You Braver Than the Troops?' is set to air in August, following Bones, as part of the Fox Fall lineup."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-15T02:45:06+00:00", "title": "Pyongyang to Host 2017 Gathering of the Juggalos", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/pyongyang-to-host-2017-gathering-of-the-juggalos/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Prk. A Michigan-basedunderground hip-hopgroup known as theInsane Clown Posse has accepted an invitationby the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea to holditseighteenthannualGathering of the Juggalos festivalat the Kim Il-sung Stadium in Pyongyang, North Koreas Central News Agency reported today.\nOften referred toby its acronymICP, the Insane Clown Posse is a circus-themed rap duo from Detroitwhich, since its creation in the late eighties,has built a substantial following among Midwestern Americans, particularly the lower-middle class. ICP fans, known affectionatelyas Juggalos,set themselves apart from society bysporting avariety of urban-gothic attire and arefrequently seenwearing clown makeup.\nA United States diplomatic cable released in 2010 by the whistleblower website WikiLeaks describes North Koreas Kim Jong-un, who at that point had yet to inherit power from his ailing father, as a having identified himselfwith the Juggalo community.Little is known about the personallives of the Kimfamily but a North Korean defector whoservedas a bodyguard for KimJong-iluntil 2003 told Vice Newsthe teenageKim Jong-unwould often painthis face up like a clown and run from room to roomshouting profanity-laced verses.\nNorth Koreas Minister of Culture, Pak Chun-nam, told the countrys state-run news agency Thursday that the Supreme Leader personally contacted Psychopathic Records, the label which Insane Clown Posse is affiliated with, to request their presence in Pyongyangso they may receive the highest honor granted unto themby our Dear Leader.\nThe eighteenth annualGathering of the Juggalos festivalis tentativelyscheduledfor July of 2017 on the grounds of the Kim Il-sung Stadium. Thestadium, which is hometo North Koreasfootball association, is ableto accommodate up to 70,000 people. North Korean officials have indicated Kim Jong-un will bepresent for the entirety of theevent.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Insane Clown Posse has accepted an invitation by the DPRK to hold its annual Gathering of the Juggalos festival at the Kim Il-sung Stadium in Pyongyang"}
{"published_time": "2015-03-21T18:59:13+00:00", "title": "'Jihadi John' to Replace Cobra Commander in 'G.I. Joe 3'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/jihadi-john-to-replace-cobra-commander-in-g-i-joe-3/", "text": "HOLLYWOOD, Ca.  Director D.J. Caruso told The Hollywood Reporter yesterday that he and producer Brian Goldner have decided to retire Cobra Commander from the upcoming action film G.I. Joe 3. Caruso said the Cobra Commander character feels a bit outdated and added,The studio felt it was time to introduce a more modern and relevant villain. After some brainstorming with the cast and senior crew members, we decided to build a character around the ISIS mascot, Jihadi John.'\nCaruso said he wanted the character to resemble the real-life Jihadi John as much as possible, but added, The writers sprinkled in a bit of dark humor so John comes off as a rather dopey sociopath. British actor and comedian Sacha Baron Cohen has accepted the role of Jihadi John and, according to Caruso, will bring a Borat element to the character.\nFilming for G.I. Joe 3 is set to begin early this summer. Returning cast members include Dwayne Johnson, Bruce Willis, and Channing Tatum.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Filming for 'G.I. Joe 3' is set to begin early this summer. Returning cast members include Dwayne Johnson, Bruce Willis, and Channing Tatum."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-04T10:00:00+00:00", "title": "Netanyahu Lobbies U.S. to Relocate Palestine to Wyoming", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/during-u-s-visit-netanyahu-garners-congressional-support-to-relocate-palestine-to-wyoming/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  During a high-profile visit to the United States this week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed members of the pro-Israel lobby, imploring them to foster support among Congress to relocate the Palestinian people to the state of Wyoming. In doing so, Netanyahu told a packed ballroom, the move would serve to strengthen U.S.-Israeli relations while significantly reducing tensions between Israel and its neighbors.\nAccording to Netanyahu, the plan to move approximately 6.08 million Palestinians out of Gaza and the West Bank could be accomplished in under three years, with Palestinians making the journey aboard chartered container ships, dramatically reducing transportation costs for U.S. taxpayers. In the meantime, Israel would continue to expand its settlements into previously occupied areas.\nIsrael has always enjoyed the support and friendship of the United States, Netanyahu said. However, true friends support each other in times of need. Should the United States fail to assist us in the relocation process, it would put an irreversible rift on U.S.-Israeli relations and jeopardize the safety and security of the Jewish State. The prime minister added that should the U.S. neglect to act, it would show an unequivocal lack of commitment to the Mideast peace process.\nThis reporter spoke with Herschel Krustovski, a representative of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee, who has been working with officials from the Israeli government to lay the groundwork for the relocation process. We found Wyoming to be the best possible location for a number of reasons. First, it is sparsely populated; second, despite the climate not being that of the Middle East, the terrain bears a striking resemblance to Israel. We feel that will help the Palestinian people during the adjustment process.\nWyoming state legislature seemed optimistic about the economic value a Palestinian relocation would bring. Republican State Senator John Marston, who attended this weeks policy conference at AIPAC and met privately with Netanyahu, said, Were all in agreement that not only does this move benefit Israel, but also the great state of Wyoming. We have a rich history of agriculture and mineral production in our state and the influx of the Palestinian people would provide a significant boost in our economy that I believe would benefit the entire nation.\nShould the United States decide to accept the Palestinian people, Senator Marston says Wyoming will welcome them with open arms. Ive already spoken with members of our state legislature and were preparing to pass legislation that will allow us to combine Weston, Niobrara, and Goshen counties into one, thereby creating a suitable home for the Palestinian people.\nThe central purpose of Prime Minister Netanyahus trip to the United States this week was a scheduled appearance before Congress meant to dissuade American involvement in a proposed U.S.-Iran nuclear deal. Netanyahu told Congress the deal would turn the Middle East into a nuclear tinder box. The prime minister made several appearances, including one with the AIPAC, which he did not clear with the White House.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Prime Minister Netanyahu's trip to the U.S. was an appearance before Congress meant to dissuade American involvement in a proposed U.S.-Iran nuclear deal."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-26T11:54:54+00:00", "title": "Starbucks Opens Five Stores in Jordan's 2nd Largest Refugee Camp", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/starbucks-opens-five-stores-in-jordans-2nd-largest-refugee-camp/", "text": "MAFRAQ, Jo.  Spanning over 67,710 square miles, the Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan is home to an estimated eighty-three thousand refugees, many of whom fled neighboring Syria withtheir familiesto escapea bloodycivil war between the Assad regime and rebel forcesthat has engulfed the country since the spring of 2011. Having first opened on July 28, 2012,Zaatari is quickly becoming a permanent fixture in the barren Jordanian desert.\nManaged by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Zaatari has seen a high influx of refugees in the last year as the Assad regime struggles to wrestle control of Syria from both the hands of the Islamic State andU.S.-backed rebel forces.\nMany non-profitorganizations includingDoctors Without Bordersand UNICEF,a UN program whichprovides educational and social services to the nearly 60,000 displaced children living in Zaatari, are dispersed throughout the camp. In addition,a number ofrelief agencies,including the International Rescue Committee, operateseveral womens centers within Zaatari.\nNow Starbucks, an American coffee company, has decided to open five for-profit locations in the Zaatarirefugee camp. The Syrian people deserve access to freshly brewed coffee, saidHoward Schultz, the companys chairman and CEO.\nReal News Right Nows R. Hobbus, J.D. traveled to Jordan last week to tour the Zaatari refugee camp and met with Topher Ambrose, the head barista at Starbucks Al Souq Street location. Ambrose, who holds a bachelors degree in English, said mostrefugees cantafford to shell out two Jordanian dinars for a grande latte. But they come anyway, Ambrose said, adding, Its so inspiring.\nAdadBoutros, a sixty-two year-old Syrian whowas forced by Assads forces to watch as theyexecutedhis wife and two daughters -aged 9 and 13, in the street outside of their house, said hes visited Starbucks everyday since its opening,often standing inline for up to seven hours fora simpleespresso. I wake up at 3:30 a.m. so I may havemy coffee before noon, hesaid.\nTopher Ambrose blamed Syrian president Bashar al-Assad for thelengthy wait times, saying, Hes the reason these refugees are here in the first place. Ambroseadded he has a personalmessage of hope for the Syrian people. Its somethingI tell every refugeeas I hand them their coffee. Whether its an iced soylatte or a green tea Frappuccino, Ambrose said, I say, Live long and prosper, my friend.'", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MAFRAQ, Jo. - Spanning over 67,710 square miles, the Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan is home to an estimated eighty-three thousand refugees"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-11T00:08:50+00:00", "title": "George W. Bush Tells Brian Williams: 9/11 Was an 'Inside Job'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/george-w-bush-to-msnbcs-brian-williams-911-was-an-inside-job/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  In an exclusive interview with former NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams, ex-president George W. Bush spoke at his ranch in Crawford, Texas this week about adjusting to life post-presidency and discussed a variety of topics including the reopening of the U.S. embassy in Cuba, Osama bin Laden, and his involvement in the attacks in New York and Washington on September 11th, 2001.\nYou often hear people say Bush did 9/11. Thats just not true, the 43rd president told Williams. I was only a pawn; a foot-soldier of sorts. Bush, while downplaying his role in the tragedy, said the events in their entirety were orchestrated by the Illuminati. These guys are involved in what they call a multi-century power struggle with the Reptilians, Bush said. They want to achieve world-domination.\nOn the night of September 10th, less than twelve hours before American Airlines Flight 11 struck the north tower of the World Trade Center, the Bush administration, acting on orders from the Illuminati, sent a twelve-man team into the WTC to plant thermite charges on the north and south towers steel support beams. Immediately following the conclusion of the operation, the team, according to Bush, was disposed of by FEMA.\nWhen asked by Mr. Williams if the former president thought he may be putting his life at risk by bringing such earth-shattering allegations to light, Bush replied, Absolutely, Brian. But I cannot, in good conscience, stay silent on this. Bush said hed hired a foreign private military contractor who was providing a sizable non-Jewish force to protect his ranch.\nIn response to a question by Williams as to al Qaedas involvement in 9/11, Bush said the Islamic terror group was merely a scapegoat. Calling al Qaeda a rag-tag band of extremists, Bush said the group was used to justify the War on Terror, which the Illuminati used as a means to covertly root out Reptilian operatives. As for the death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of SEAL Team Six on May 2nd, 2011 in Abbottabad, Pakistan, the former two-term president shrugged and said, Wheres the body?\nSwitching topics, Williams brought up Hurricane Katrina. As you know, I won a Peabody Award for my coverage of the situation while embedded with the National Guard on the harsh streets of New Orleans. At one point, I remember very clearly, we came under heavy machine gun fire in the French Quarter. What happened there? Williams asked.\nBush, who paused before offering a response, said, Brian, Im gonna level with you. The Reptilians were responsible for Hurricane Katrina. The ex-president hesitated before continuing, You know, its not that I dont care about black people; at the time I was trying to prevent another 9/11. Bush went on to say that had his administration provided a quicker and more efficiently managed response in the aftermath of Katrina, he would have effectively thrown the United States into war with the Reptilians. I could not put the American people in that position.\nIn recent weeks, Mr. Bush said, he has tried unsuccessfully to reach out to Edward Snowden. The former president said he believes Snowden, an ex-CIA contractor and whistle-blower, could help facilitate his safe passage to Russia where he intends to seek refuge from the Illuminati. Neither they nor the Reptilians have ever infiltrated the Kremlin, Mr. Bush said, adding, Its the safest place on earth.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an exclusive interview with MSNBC's Brian Williams, George W. Bush admits 9/11 'was an inside job.'"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-06T09:22:05+00:00", "title": "US to House 250,000 Syrian Refugees at Navajo Indian Reservation", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/u-s-to-house-250000-syrian-refugees-at-navajo-standing-rock-indian-reservations/", "text": "WINDOW ROCK, Az.  The U.S. Department of State announced today that it will grant upwards of two-hundred and fifty thousand Syrian refugees temporary amnesty in the United States. Over the next four months, State Department officials working in conjunction with FEMA will begin processing and transporting the refugees to sparsely populated parts of Arizona and North Dakota.\nDue to the increasingly dire humanitarian situation in the Middle East, the United States has agreed to facilitate the transfer of a number of Syrian refugees to the Navajo and Standing Rock reservations where they will be provided with food, shelter, and medical treatment, Cathy Pieper, a spokesperson for the Department of State, said Friday.\nPiepersaid the tribal leadership of the Navajo and Standing Rock territories respectively, will hold sole responsibility for the safety and wellbeing of the refugees. Due in part to shared experiences, we believe Syrian refugees will find it relativelyeasy to assimilate themselves into the native culture, Pieper said.\nAhmed Alsouki, who, along with his wife and two children, was one of the first Syrians to be granted temporary amnesty by the United States, told Vice News he feels very fortunate about the situation. Before the war I was an entrepreneur, Alsoukisaid. I traveled many times to New Delhi on business, so I am very familiar with the Indian way of life.\nThe Obama administrations decision to accept the refugees comes amid concerns that ISIS could use the refugee crisis as a means to infiltrate the West. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest dispelled such fears yesterday, saying the refugees will spend very little time on American soil prior to being placed on the reservations. These tribal habitats are very remote, said Earnest, who added that federal authorities are stepping up efforts to monitor all reservations within the United States for suspicious activity.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The U.S. Department of State announced that it will grant upwards of two-hundred and fifty thousand Syrian refugees temporary amnesty in the United States."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-12T01:04:07+00:00", "title": "Game of Thrones Actor Served as Pope's Body Double on Mexico Trip", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/actor-who-portrayed-high-sparrow-served-as-popes-body-double-during-mexico-trip/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  Welsh actor and singer Jonathan Pryce served as a body double for Pope Francis during a six-day trip to Mexico last February, Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi confirmed on Saturday. The sixty-nine year-old Pryce, who appeared in a number of high budget films includingPirates of the CaribbeanandGI Joe: Retaliation, was contacted by the Vatican last year to act as a stand-in for the pope amid heightened security concerns surrounding his trip to Mexico.\nDespite safety assurances from the Mexican government, which deployed some ten thousand soldiers and police throughout the country ahead of the papal visit, Vatican officials remained uncertain as to whether Pope Francis would be adequately protected. The decision to use a body double was not an easy one, Father Lombardi explained. His Holiness expressed regret over his absence but took solace in knowing his spirit is forever present among the Mexican people.\nIn the weeks leading up to the popes historic visit to Mexico, actor Jonathan Pryce traveled to Vatican City where he shadowed Pope Francis day and night in an effort to learn his mannerisms and speech patterns. [The actor] displayed an almost godlike ability in his portrayal of His Holiness, Father Lombardi said, adding that even the popes closest advisers were unable to distinguish between Pryce and Pope Francis.\nPryces acting abilities notwithstanding, Vatican officials expressed some doubt over his capacity to lead Mass, particularly in Ciudad Juarez  a border city plagued by kidnappings and cartel violence  where the pope was scheduled to address a congregation of 200,000 people. Despite their misgivings, Pryce exceeded the Vaticans expectations and even diverted from script when the actor addressed what he called an ongoing humanitarian crisis along the U.S.-Mexico border.\nAccording to the Vatican, Pryce received no compensation  monetary or otherwise  for acting as a stand-in for Pope Francis. However, Father Lombardi said the Holy See has pre-approved Pryce for canonization by which, upon his death, he will be inducted into sainthood by the Roman Catholic Church.\nJonathan Pryce, who portrays the High Sparrow in the HBO series Game of Thrones, has since appeared in place of the pope on two other occasions since returning from Mexico. In late April, His Holiness was suffering from a touch of the flu, so I was flown in to lead Mass in St. Peters Square, the actor told theDaily Mail. The following week I had the distinct honor of performing a number of papal blessings at the Basilica, Pryce said, adding that performing as a body double for Pope Francis has been the greatest role of his life.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Welsh actor and singer Jonathan Pryce served as a body double for Pope Francis during a six-day trip to Mexico last February, Vatican spokesperson Father.."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-13T12:01:49+00:00", "title": "American Who Shot and Killed 9 Taliban Pledged Allegiance to U.S.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/american-who-shot-and-killed-9-taliban-soldiers-pledged-allegiance-to-the-u-s/", "text": "DARQAD, Af.  An American man who shot and killed nine members of the Taliban and wounded more than a dozen others in the Darqad District of Afghanistans Takhar Province last week, pledged allegiance to the United States before opening fire, a tribal leader who witnessed the attack told theKhaama Press.\nThe American, who is still at large, is thought to be a member of a United States Special Forces team that tribal leaders believe is responsible for similar attacks and general unrest in the area. Some villagers overheard the man shouting God bless America shortly before he gunned down the soldiers, said a village elder who asked to remain anonymous over fear of retaliation from the Americans.\nThe elder said that at the time of the shooting, the Taliban soldiers had been drinking tea and socializing with friends. Many of those killed left behind families including wives and young children, many of whom are now orphans. Its very sad, said Adeeb Qadir, a farmer who sells produce in the village. The children will soon die from starvation, he added.\nWhile tragic, the killings are commonplace in villages and towns all throughout Afghanistan. There is no justice here, said Adeeb, who in 2009 lost twelve of his family members, including his six children, when American jets bombed a police station across the street from his home. They kill us because they mistake us for the Saudis who hijacked their airplanes, Adeeb explained, referring to the Americans.\nThe United States officially withdrew the last of its combat forces from Afghanistan in 2014, putting an end to a thirteen year occupation that left more than26,000 civilians deadand thousands more injured. Despite having declared an end to the war, the Americans still maintain a small force of Special Operations troops inside Afghanistan.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "DARQAD, Af. - An American man who shot and killed nine members of the Taliban and wounded more than a dozen others in the Darqad District..."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-30T01:20:57+00:00", "title": "Mexican Federal Police Kill Four Illegals at Tijuana Border", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/mexican-federal-police-kill-four-illegals-tijuana-border/", "text": "TIJUANA, Mx.  Mexican federal police shot and killed four people who were attempting to enter the country illegally this weekend, the Tijuana-based newspaperFrontera reported Monday. The individuals, who were identified as Americans, had attempted to circumvent a Mexico-U.S. border checkpoint by scaling a fence approximately half a kilometersouth of it.\nOfficers attempted to communicate to the individuals that they were illegally entering Mexican soil, first in Spanish and then in English, said Federal Police Commander General Jose Luis Montoya. When the individuals did not comply, officers took appropriate action to prevent illegal entry.\nMexico has long struggled with an illegal migration problem at its borders, particularly in the south where migrants from other Central and South American nations frequently enter Mexico as a way-point into the United States. However, in the last decade, Mexico has seen a rise in American foot traffic, both legally and illegally, along its border with the United States.\nIts becoming a real problem for us, said prominent Mexican attorney Miguel Valdez. Americans come here and they exploit our resources and our people; they contribute to organized crime by purchasing illegal narcotics which, of course, worsens the security situation here in Mexico.\nThe Mexican government is working to pass legislation that would ban American entry into the country except in cases of diplomatic travel. Americans are rude, loud, obnoxious murders, said one man who wished to remain anonymous because he has family living across the border in San Diego. Were constantly hearing reports of killings and violence over there; its normal for them, Americans perpetuate a culture of violence. The man said he has begged his family to return to Mexico out of fear they, too, might fall victim to American violence.\nHere, of course, we have the Narcos to worry about, and so its expected they will kill people, and the government is dealing with that. But in America these people arent members of criminal gangs, theyre just regular people killing regular people. Its very frightening.\nUnlike in Mexico where firearm ownership is illegal, Americans have access to a wide array of powerful weaponry, including weapons designed for military use. Logically, it doesnt make any sense, Valdez said. Many Mexicans have expressed fear that Americans entering the country could carry out a large-scale attack in a public area.\nIn America, if someone disagrees with someone else, or they have a difference of opinion on a policy, rather than engaging in dialogue they take up arms and kill innocent people, Valdez said. Thats not how a civilized nation operates. So, naturally, we dont want these people coming into Mexico. They are a threat to our national security.\nOutside of declared war zones, America hasmore mass shootingsthan any other country on earth. Most recently, a fifty-seven year-old Caucasian man entered a womens health clinic in Colorado and began shooting. A motive is currently unknown but the man shot and killed three people including a police officer and wounded five other officers and four civilians before surrendering to authorities.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "TIJUANA, Mx. - Mexican federal police shot and killed four people who were attempting to enter the country illegally from the U.S. this weekend..."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-16T16:07:10+00:00", "title": "HBO Cancels 'Game of Thrones' After Five Seasons", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/hbo-cancels-game-of-thrones-after-five-seasons/", "text": "After having killed off the last of its meaningful characters, HBOs Game of Thrones has finally come to a bloody and savage end. Rather than cancel mid-season, we thought wed go out with a bang, said producer David Benioff. And what a bang it was. HBO, known for producing some of the best shows in history, including Oz, The Sopranos, and The Wire, took five best-selling compelling novels and reduced them to a pile of garbage in a mere season.\nThe hour-long series finale, which aired Sunday, left the remaining living and less important characters in seemingly destitute situations. Cersei Lannister, for example, was forced to atone for her sins by walking naked through the streets, revealing that months upon months of incarceration and starvation at the hands of a extremist religious sect had very little effect on her near flawless body. But even that wasnt nearly as tragic an ending as what HBO had in store for Daenerys Targaryen, the last of her kind, who went from being a prisoner-bride of the Dothraki, to unsuccessfully ruling a Benghazi-style township, to finding herself less than a kilometer from her beloved fire-breathing, yet nowhere-to-be-found dragon, and nonetheless thrust back in the clutches of an even larger and more menacing horde of savage Dothraki.\nGeorge R.R. Martin, author of the Game of Thrones novels, discussed his decision to turn the rights to the show over to HBO, whose writers have since rewritten much of the plot, saying he just wanted to watch the world burn.\nIn the fifth and final season, HBO writers wanted to make a point of including in each episode, a visually and morally degrading scene, with each scene in each episode worse than the last. From brutal rapes, children being burned alive, to being forced to watch a morbidly obese man have sexual intercourse, viewers were increasingly stunned with each passing episode. I am never watching Game of Thrones again! Said a man who wished to remain anonymous to protect his identity, but spoke, more or less, to this reporter via a Facebook status update following the episode where Sansa Stark is forcibly raped by her new husband, the charming and passionate Ramsay Bolton.\nThe goal was to make the show so degrading and reprehensible that we would drive away our remaining fan-base in time to cancel it without protest, Benioff said. By far, the most offensive plot twist of all was that of Tyrion Lannister. Perhaps the shortest and most articulate of the Lannisters, Tyrion, played by Peter Dinklage, was left to rule Meereen in Daenerys absence. We thought itd be fitting to leave a midget in charge of what is basically a circus town, Benioff said, referring to the city of Meereen, best known for its slavery and pit fighting. Benioff likened it to a metaphor for the show as a whole.\nBut the best has yet to come. Beginning in 2016, in place of the Game of Thrones time slot, HBO will release a brand new series similar in style and content to the HBO original Entourage but based around the lives of Americas favorite family, the Kardashians. The show is rumored to star Catherine Zeta-Jones, who will portray the Kardashians mother, Kris Jenner.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "After having killed off the last of its meaningful characters, HBO's 'Game of Thrones' has finally come to a bloody and savage end."}

{"published_time": "2015-10-28T17:22:13+00:00", "title": "'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Release Delayed 13 Months", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/star-wars-the-force-awakens-release-delayed-13-months-due-to-cgi-glitch-2/", "text": "SKYWALKER RANCH, Ca.  The highly anticipated premiere of the seventh installment of the popular sagaStar Wars has been pushed back thirteen months due to a irrecoverable glitch in several key CGI scenes, director JJ Abrams announced today.\nSpeaking to reporters outside Skywalker Ranch Wednesday, a tearful Abrams said, The cast, crew, and I have worked tirelessly to perfect this film over the last several months and it pains me to say we can no longer meet the expected December 2015 premiere.\nWhen asked by Real News Right Now, Abrams followed up, Extensive work needs to be done in order to get this film completed. Weve begun filming several pick-up shots with the cast and crew in Skellig Michael; additional shots are in the works at Pinewood Studios.\nAbrams declined to elaborate on the nature of the glitch but Jeffery Atwater, a member of the films CGI effects team, said, The issue appears in scenes where fractal landscaping and motion capture animation characters are most prominent. Re-imaging efforts are currently underway here at Lucasfilm. Atwater went to say, This is the most exhaustive process Ive ever been a part of.\nErin Sheehan, a spokesperson for Disney, expressed disappointment over the films delay but divulged some good news for Star Wars fans. Disney will host an exclusive viewing of the film, sans the corrupted scenes, at the Tomorrowland theater on December 17th. Admission will be determined based on a lottery system of pre-purchased tickets bought through Fandango and other ticketing services.Sheehan concluded, Everyone involved has worked really hard on this film, therefore this version deserves to be shared with the series true fans.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The highly-anticipated premiere of the seventh installment of the popular saga Star Wars has been pushed back thirteen months due to a CGI glitch..."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-19T08:20:52+00:00", "title": "Universal Studios to Auction Rights to Unreleased Paul Walker", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/universal-studios-to-auction-rights-to-unreleased-paul-walker-film/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Universal Studios, owner and distributor of The Fast and Furious movie franchise, will host an auction at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month where the winner will walk away with the rights to a full-length, unreleased film starring the late Paul Walker.\nThe film, shot two years before Walkers tragic death, chronicles the life of LAPD detective Brian OConnerprior to his introduction in the original Fast and Furious movie. Laurence Fishburneand Gary Oldman are said to have supporting roles in the film, which is currently untitled.\nUniversal Studios has been careful to keep the details surrounding the auction, as well as the film itself, covered in a shroud of secrecy. However, Lupe Sanderson, a Variety magazine contributor, believes the film could sell for as much as $30 million. This is going to be huge, Sanderson said. The fact that theyve had it sitting in a vault somewhere for four years without ever mentioning it to anyone is just remarkable.\nBoth Viacom and Miramaxhave expressed interest in obtaining the rights to the film. Although, according to Sanderson, they may face some tough competition. Al-WaleedbinTalal, a member of the Saudi Royal family and the 26th richest man in the world, plans to acquire the film for his personal collection. Known as the Arabian Warren Buffett, binTalalis reportedly a huge Paul Walker fan. Should binTalal walk away with the rights to this, Sanderson said, its highly likely itll be the last we ever hear about it. Itll never see the light of day.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Universal Studios will host an auction next month where the winner will walk away with the rights to an unreleased film starring the late Paul Walker."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-24T10:41:24+00:00", "title": "Chris Pratt to Play Chris Kyle in 'American Sniper 2'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/chris-pratt-to-play-chris-kyle-in-american-sniper-2-2/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Actor Chris Pratt, who played Star-Lord in Guardians of the Galaxy, has accepted the role of Chris Kyle in the follow-up to Clint Eastwoods Academy Award-winning film American Sniper.\nDirected by Michael Bay, American Sniper 2 picks up several months after Chief Petty Officer Kyles death, when, at a top-secret facility in the Nevada desert, Kyle is brought back to life by government scientists to carry out the most important mission of his career: infiltrate Osama bin Ladens secret underground lair and prevent the terrorist mastermind from using a moon-based laser beam to blow up Washington, D.C.\nBritish actor and comedian Sacha Baron Cohen is reportedly in negotiations with Michael Bays production company, Platinum Dunes, to play the role of Osama Bin Laden. Cohen, best known for his character Borat on Da Ali G Show, is the same height as Bin Laden and bears a striking resemblance, according to Bay.\nWith a budget of $150 million and an all-star cast, American Sniper 2 is sure to be a smash at the box office. The film is set to hit theaters in the summer of 2016.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Actor Chris Pratt has accepted the role of Chris Kyle in the follow-up to Clint Eastwood's Academy Award-winning film 'American Sniper.'"}
{"published_time": "2015-05-12T21:45:28+00:00", "title": "Kevin Spacey Hospitalized Following White House Breach", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/kevin-spacey-hospitalized-following-white-house-breach/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Actor Kevin Spacey was involuntarily hospitalized and is undergoing a psychological evaluation following an incident at the White House over the weekend. Sources close to the 55 year-old actor say he recently suffered from a nervous breakdown possibly brought on by stress from overworking.\nIts unclear why Mr. Spaceywas in the nations capital over Mothers Day weekend but according to witness accounts, at approximately1:15 p.m. on Sunday,Spacey, who was visibly distressed, was seen pacing up and down Pennsylvania Avenue near the White House. Several people recognized the actor while more than a few made attempts to grab his attention and pose for photos.\nU.S. Capitol Police say Spaceyappeared completely unaware of his surroundings until a passerby addressed him as Frank Underwood, a character portrayed by Spaceyin the show House of Cards, to which the actor replied, Nothing lasts forever. Even the longest, most glittering reign must come to an end some day.\nIt was then, police say, that Spaceybolted for the White House gate, managing to slip past uniformed Secret Service officers before being taken down by a K9while screaming, Im the President of the United States, and I can separate the big from the small! By the time Secret Service agents had the situation under control, Mr. Spacey had been shot with a Taser three times and was babbling incoherently.\nAt a press conference today U.S. Secret ServiceSpokesman Brian Leary described Spaceysbehavior during the exchange, calling it highly irrational. The Academy Award-winning actor remained in character, as Frank Underwood, up until he was taken in restraints to a nearby hospital under police escort. Citing a recent poll, Leary said, Twelve percent of Americans believe Frank Underwood is the President of the United States. Apparently Kevin Spacey is one of them.\nAt press time, Spaceyremainedunder observation in an isolation ward at a D.C. area psychiatriccenter. Filming for Season Four of House of Cards is expected to begin this summer.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Actor Kevin Spacey was involuntarily hospitalized and is undergoing a psychological evaluation following an incident at the White House over the weekend."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-17T12:10:42+00:00", "title": "FBI: 'Major' Fake News Operation Disrupted in New York City", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/twelve-custody-fbi-takes-major-counterfeit-news-operation-new-york-city/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Twelve Russian nationals were taken into custody on Thursday after heavily armed FBI agents conducted a pre-dawn raid on a warehouse in Manhattans Garment District where authorities say a fake news manufacturing ring has been operating with near impunity for the last eighteen months.\nWeve struck a major blow to the fake news industry, announced Special Agent Walter Greenwald during a press conference at the FBIs Manhattan office. These despicable individuals have  for months  deliberately manipulated the publics perception with the sole purpose of turning a profit. Special Agent Greenwald said the FBI confiscated more than a dozen printing press machines which the suspects used to mass-produce fake newspapers before peddling them on street corners to unsuspecting New Yorkers.\nDescribing the operation as highly sophisticated, authorities said the perpetrators were able to produce thousands of knock-off newspapers per week at a cost of mere pennies, meanwhile netting upwards of $1.50 a pop for the illicit tabloids. They were making a killing, explained one law enforcement official who spoke toReal News Right Now on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press. Among the mountains of evidence seized during the raid, the official said FBI agents recovered tens of thousands of copies of a multi-page fake news publication titledThe New York Toast, a seemingly obvious imitation of the popular and widely circulatedNew York Post.\nHowever, according to Special Agent Greenwald, the FBIs discovery of the illegal printing press operation is only the tip of the iceberg. During Tuesdays press conference, Greenwald produced what appeared to be a freshly printed copy ofThe Wall Street Journal. What youre looking at is a fake newspaper, explained Greenwald. Its not real. Indeed, the object was in fact a molded slab of plastic which, from a distance, resembled a real newspaper. Greenwald said the counterfeit item was one of nearly a quarter million fabrications that have been seized by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents over the past month.\nAuthorities described a disturbing hierarchy in the underground world of fake news where anonymous individuals and organizations  many of whom identify themselves by cryptic pseudonyms or aliases  compete for likes, views, and shares. Those with the most shares reign supreme, said Brian, a former fake news producer who spoke to Real News Right Nowon Tuesday. Its a cutthroat multi-national enterprise where no news is safe.\nThe widespread fake news epidemic, which became especially prolific in the months leading up to the U.S. presidential election, has become an issue of national debate. Under mounting pressure, both Google and Facebook have announced plans to crack down on the spread of fake news.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Twelve Russian nationals were taken into custody on Thursday after heavily armed FBI agents conducted a pre-dawn raid on a warehouse in Manhattan..."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-28T09:15:05+00:00", "title": "Store Pulls Unarmed Black Man Costume After Cops Shoot 3 Patrons", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/store-pulls-unarmed-black-man-costume-three-patrons-shot-police/", "text": "JACKSONVILLE, Fl.  Luke Gentry wasnt expecting to get shot by police when he ventured out in search of a Halloween costume on Tuesday but thats exactly what happened after the twenty-eight year-old Florida native visited Chesters Party Supply Store in downtown Jacksonville.\nId just bought the costume and was coming out of the store, bag in hand, when a cruiser rolled up, Gentry told Action News JAX, a local Fox affiliate. The cop ordered me to drop my gun and I said What gun? and he shot me. I couldnt believe it. Gentry, who is white, is one of three people who have been gunned down by police after purchasing a costume from Chesters Party Supply Store in the last week.\nAccording to the stores owner, Chester Dudley, the three victims share one thing in common: they all purchased one of the most sought-after Halloween costumes of the year. Simply called the Unarmed Black Man, the costume consists of khaki style pants, a blue hoodie, and black face paint and has outsold other top-selling outfits including Harley Quinn and Harambe the Gorilla. Its an extremely popular item, Dudley told Action News before adding that the costume had been regretfully pulled from the stores inventory as of Friday morning.\nWhile Gentry is expected to make a full recovery, Blake OConnell, another frequent patron of Chesters Party Supply Store, isnt so lucky. The twenty-three year-old FSU graduate was shot nineteen times by police mere seconds after leaving a Halloween office party Wednesday evening. Authorities later said OConnell  who was wearing an Unarmed Black Man costume when he was killed  fit the description of an armed robbery suspect. Officers acted professionally and exercised restraint during what they perceived to be a very dangerous situation, a department spokesperson said on Wednesday.\nIn yet another case of mistaken identity, police on Thursday arrested nineteen year-old Logan Brown while he was attempting to hang Halloween decorations on the front porch of his parents home in suburban Jacksonville. Brown, who was also in costume at the time, was tasered three times and sustained multiple lacerations from a police dog before being taken into custody. Officers reportedly mistook a bright orange glue gun which Brown was using to affix the decorations for a semi-automatic weapon.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "JACKSONVILLE, Fl. \u2013 Luke Gentry wasn\u2019t expecting to get shot by police when he ventured out in search of a Halloween costume on Tuesday but that\u2019s exactly what happened after the twenty-eight year-old Florida native visited Chester\u2019s Party Supply Store in downtown Jacksonville. \u201cI\u2019d just bought the costume and was coming out of the store, \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-10-18T09:17:46+00:00", "title": "Recent Study Shows Nearly 6 in 10 Trump Supporters are Illiterate", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/recent-study-shows-nearly-six-ten-trump-supporters-illiterate/", "text": "CULLMAN, Al.  An independent study conducted by the bipartisan policy group Alliance for Community Organizations seeking Reform Now has determined that just over fifty-nine percent of voters who support Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump suffer from moderate to severe illiteracy.\nPosing as representatives from the Nationalist Reform Council  a fictional conservative action group  ACORN officials staged several mock elections last month at community centers throughout Cullman County, Alabama, under the pretense of helping residents register to vote in time for the general election. We were really pleased with the turnout, said Matthew Breyer, who heads ACORNs northern Alabama office. We were able to register nearly twenty thousand voters over the span of three days.\nOnce residents were successfully registered to vote, ACORN officials ushered them into a room where about a dozen voting booths had been set up. We wanted to get an idea of the average voters understanding of the election process, Breyer said before adding that voters were asked to enter a booth and cast their vote for the candidate of their choice. However, unbeknownst to participants, the ballots had been slightly altered. Under the category U.S. President/U.S. Vice President, you had the option for Clinton/Kaine centered inside a solid red rectangle, Breyer explained. Likewise, the option for Trump/Pence was centered inside a solid blue rectangle.\nFollowing the simulations conclusion, ACORN officials were amazed to discover that more than two-thirds of registered Republicans in Cullman County who participated in the mock election had cast their votes in favor of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. She won by a massive landslide, recalled Breyer. The data we collected seems to suggest that a sizable number of Republican voters are unable to read above a third grade level and are simply casting votes by selecting the color that corresponds with their preferred party.\nThis should be a major wake up call and I think we need to take a hard look at the educational system in this country, said Fox News contributor and Republican strategist Barry King. This may have been a simulation but weve got multiple GOP leaders saying theres going to be a rigged election next month. Theres a legitimate fear that youll have altered ballots just like this popping up all over the country and as a result, well be forced to suffer another four years under Obamas failed policies.\nIn recent days, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has increasingly warned supporters that the upcoming presidential election will be rigged against him. Of course there is a large-scale voter fraud happening on and before election day, the former reality TV star tweeted on Monday. Trump has called on his supporters to closely monitor voting centers and has said that he will not willingly accept defeat in the event Clinton secures the presidency.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A new study has determined that just over 59% of voters who support GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump suffer from moderate to severe illiteracy."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-19T10:36:45+00:00", "title": "Muslim Man Facing Terrorism Charges After Farting on Crowded Bus", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/muslim-man-facing-terror-charges-farting-crowded-commuter-bus/", "text": "CHICAGO, Il.  A stampede to exit a CTA bus in downtown Chicago left one person dead and more than a dozen injured Wednesday morning after passengers mistook a Muslim mans putrid flatulence for a chemical weapon attack.\nIt was absolute pandemonium, said Myra Bailey, a thirty-seven year-old single mother of two who was injured during the ensuing panic. Bailey said she takes the bus to her nursing job at Northwestern Memorial Hospital every morning and has never encountered anything like what transpired Wednesday morning. Working in the ER, I see a lot, a visibly shaken Bailey told CBS Chicago. But never in my life have I smelled anything like the odor that was on that bus.\nThe incident occurred shortly after 8:30 a.m. Wednesday morning when authorities say twenty-six year-old Muhammed al-Qubaisi caught the northbound CTA bus near Cottage Grove. Shortly before boarding, authorities say al-Qubaisi, who is Muslim, consumed nearly six helpings of Dhal, a popular Pakistani dish consisting of rice and lentils that has been known to cause excessive gas. This was a deliberate and premeditated act, Sergeant Monica Hernandez, a spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department, told reporters.\nAccording to witnesses, al-Qubaisiwas sweating profusely as he took a vacant seat towards the rear of the bus. I remember glancing over my shoulder and seeing this guy who was just drenched in sweat, recalled Azad Mustafa. I didnt want to stare but he was belching loudly. The fifty-one year-old Kurdish shoe salesman said al-Qubaisi looked uneasy and appeared to be swaying in his seat. Suddenly there was this horriblesound and the air became very hot and thick. I remember smelling something ripe and thats when I lost consciousness. Mustafa latertold CBS Chicago that the incident gave him flashbacks to the 1988 Halabja chemical attack in southern Kurdistan, of which he is a survivor.\nA spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Investigation confirmed that the incident is being investigated as a possible act of terrorism. What we know at this point is that Muhammed al-Qubaisi was born in Afghanistan and emigrated to the United States with his family in May of 1993 when he was three years old, announced FBI Special Agent Richard Ross during a joint press conference with the Chicago Police Department. We have uncovered evidence which shows that Mr. al-Qubaisi traveled to Saudi Arabia on two occasions: once at the age of six and once more at the age of nine.\nCiting an ongoing investigation, Special Agent Ross would not comment on the nature of Mr. al-Qubaisis visits to Saudi Arabia or whether the FBI believes he became radicalized during his stay in the Islamic Country.Muhammed al-Qubaisi remains in custody on a $1 million bond.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A stampede to exit a CTA bus in downtown Chicago left one person dead and more than a dozen injured Wednesday morning after passengers mistook a Muslim..."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-23T09:51:10+00:00", "title": "Pennsylvania Second Grader Expelled for Defacing American Flag", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/pennsylvania-student-expelled-grievously-defacing-american-flag/", "text": "WAYNESBORO, Pa.  A second grader in Pennsylvania has been expelled after a teacher caught him defacing an American flag during recess,The Waynesboro Record Heraldreported on Friday.\nThis kind of delinquent behavior is completely unacceptable and its something that we as a community simply will not tolerate, said Principal Willard Kraft of Hooversville Elementary School. Kraft said that shortly after lunch on Tuesday, October 18, an observant teacher found the student on the outskirts of the playground using a purple crayon, rather than a blue one, to color in an American flag hed drawn on a sheet of construction paper.\nWe were very lucky that none of the other children were exposed to it, said Kraft, who later referred to the illustration as a tasteless assault on American values. Kraft said the offensive sketch was immediately confiscated and the seven year-old boy was turned over to a school resource officer.\nWhile school officials had initially sought to suspend the juvenile, news of the defacement spread quickly and irate parents began phoning the school and calling for his immediate expulsion. The phones were ringing off the hook, Kraft recalled. Many students have parents who are veterans so this was something that hit close to home for a lot of folks.\nRetired U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Roger Harrison is one of those folks. Harrison, whose son Chester is enrolled in the fourth grade at Hooversville, said hes pleased with the schools decision to expel the boy. If you ask me, the little s*** got off easy, Harrison told Real News Right Now. Where I come from, flag desecration is a crime; it dont matter how old you are.\nOthers, like child psychologist Dr. Nancy Weiner, say such behavioral problems are often a sign of deeper and more complex issues. This was a cry for help, Dr. Weiner explained. This hapless child was reaching out in the only way he knew how. The real tragedy was that in doing so, he made a mockery of those who gave their lives defending our way of life.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WAYNESBORO, Pa. - A second grader in Pennsylvania has been expelled after a teacher caught him defacing an American flag during recess.."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-19T13:42:53+00:00", "title": "Man Who Had Near-Death Experience Says Heaven Overrun by Dinosaurs", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/man-near-death-experience-claims-heaven-overrun-dinosaurs/", "text": "FORT WAYNE, In.  An Indiana man who had a recent near-death experience after tragic car accident left him in a coma says he made a shocking discovery during a brief trip to the afterlife. Forty-eight year-old Thomas Miller of Fort Wayne, who sustained a traumatic brain injury and lost both his legs after a head-on collision with a tractor-trailer, called the experience a turning point in his life. Its really put things into perspective for me, Miller told WFFT News, a local Fox affiliate.\nImmediately after the crash, Miller described being wrapped in a blanket of warmth and feeling his body rise through the mangled remains of his Toyota Prius and up into the sky by a loving presence. But Miller says once he passed through the pearly gates, things took a nasty turn. There were dinosaurs everywhere, an emotional Miller told WFFT. Some were as tall as buildings and they were just killing and eating everyone. There was so much chaos; so much destruction.\nDr. Brian Rosenbaum, a neurologist at St. Joseph Hospital in Fort Wayne, says its common for people who have suffered a traumatic brain injury to experience vision-like dreams. To put it simply, when you have a multi-sensory disintegration occur at the temporoparietal junction, the result is a disruption of various cognitive functions that regulate the brains ability to self-process, Rosenbaum explained. This is when people might believe they are having a so-called near-death experience.\nHowever, Miller is certain his experience wasnt the result of a disruption of his cognitive functions. I personally witnessed a pack of velociraptors chase down a group of angels and tear them limb from limb, he told WFFT News. It was hands down the most horrific thing Ive ever seen in my life. Miller, who considers himself a devout Catholic, said the Heaven depicted in the bible is a total war zone. I just cant wrap my head around how something like this is possible.\nFortunately for Miller, Father Robert Parsons of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis might have an answer. Several years ago, His Holiness Pope Francis declared that all of Gods creatures have a place in the Kingdom of Heaven, Father Parsons toldReal News Right Now. In the event this proclamation extends to the dinosaurs  and there is no evidence it doesnt  then we must assume there are millions of them in Heaven. After all, these creatures ruled the earth for nearly sixty-five million years.\nAs far as Thomas Miller is concerned, Father Parsons explanation offers little in the way of comfort. After his experience, Miller says the concept of life after death no longer holds any appeal. Even so, I keep playing the events over and over in my mind, he said. The last thing I remember was Saint Peter grabbing me by the collar, shaking me, and yelling, Stop sending people here, its not safe! Then I woke up in the hospital and found out Id lost eight months of my life.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A man who had a recent near-death experience after tragic car accident left him in a coma made a shocking discovery during a brief trip to the afterlife."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-09T13:24:50+00:00", "title": "Tx. Morticians Capitalize on Fetal Burial Law with 'Tasteful' Funeral Options", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/texas-morticians-capitalize-fetal-burial-law-tasteful-funeral-options/", "text": "SAN ANTONIO, Tx.  When Rich Foster quit his job as a used car salesman back in 1997 to try his hand at funeral directing, he knew he was entering a lucrative business. People die every day, the son of a slaughterhouse kill floor supervisor told News 4 San Antonio. The way I see it, my job is to turn what is otherwise a bleak and dismal situation into something beautiful.\nNow, a new Texas law requiring women to bury their aborted fetuses has the potential to double, or even triple, Fosters already booming profits. Were very excited for the future, he told News 4. This is huge for the funeral industry. So huge, in fact, that Foster and a longtime business associate recently pooledtogether nearly $1 million to launch a startup company specializing in handcrafted caskets built specifically for fetuses and fetal tissue.\nWere doing some very interesting things and really trying to move away from the traditional style caskets that most people are used to seeing, Foster explained. Right now our clients have the option of choosing from a number of very elegant casket styles. My personal favorite is our 2.75-inch cherry oak Signature casket. Affordably priced between $899 and $1,199 with the option to add a variety of upgrades, Foster said the matchbox-sized casket is an ideal choice for most fetuses aborted during the first trimester.\nFor anything beyond that first trimester, we offer a wide selection of attractive cases which youll find on display in our showroom. Foster continued, saying, These pieces range in size from a childs lunch box all the way up to the exquisite Fosters Limited Edition; this is a shoe box-sized glass sarcophagus available in both polished and stained glass. The Limited Edition casket, which Foster claims is in high demand, sells for a whopping $7,899 before additional upgrades such as plush lining or a miniature down pillow. For those wish to avoid the stress of a financial burden in their time of grieving, we offer a very convenient and flexible payment plan, he added.\nHowever, Foster says his business model is about more than just selling high-end caskets to the discerning mourner. Our clients have the option of choosing from an assortment of affordable funeral and memorial packages, he said. The Standard Service, Fosters most popular package, which is priced at $2,399, includes a wake or viewing and a traditional burial ceremony. Its like any other service you might attend, Foster admitted. However, the difference, he said, is in the presentation. We decorate the casket with a beautiful floral bouquet and adorn the surrounding walls with high-resolution ultrasound photographs provided at no additional cost by your doctor. All in all, youre paying for a very tasteful service.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "SAN ANTONIO, Tx. - When Rich Foster quit his job as a used car salesman back in 1997 to try his hand at funeral directing, he knew he was entering a..."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-04T11:32:22+00:00", "title": "Study: Illegal Immigrants to Outnumber Americans 2 to 1 by 2025", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/new-study-shows-illegal-immigrants-outnumber-americans-2-1-2025/", "text": "CAMBRIDGE, Ma.  A groundbreaking study conducted by researchers at MIT suggests Americans living in the United States could find themselves outnumbered by illegal immigrants by a staggering ratio of at least two to one within the next ten years unless significant changes are made to U.S. immigration policy.\nIf we continue traveling at our current trajectory, we as Americans will soon become a minority in our own country, warned Dr. Emilio Martinez. Using satellite imagery obtained from the National Reconnaissance Office, Dr. Martinez and his team were able to map the flow of illegal immigrants into the United States over a ten-year period. What weve seen is an incremental increase of twenty-three per cent over the last decade in the flow of undocumented individuals crossing over our southern border.\nThe U.S. Census Bureau projects the U.S. population will reach just over 345 million people by 2025. However, according to Dr. Martinez, the current data doesnt factor in the millions of undocumented persons arriving in the United States each year. Our models show that if this trend continues, the population of the United States by 2025 will reach approximately 621 million with just under forty-nine per cent consisting of American citizens, Martinez explained, adding that the data is offset by a 2% margin of error.\nIn contrast, the population of Mexico, which currently rests at about 126.3 million, is expected to shrink drastically over the next ten years due, in part, to rapidly changing climates and the countrys ongoing internal conflict with violent drug traffickers. Mexicans -as weve seen over the last quarter century  have already begun to emigrate north into the U.S. and Canada, said Luis Garcia, a third-year statistics major at MIT who serves as an assistant to Dr. Martinez. These numbers, while relatively small, are expected to rise exponentially over the next four decades.\nGarcias data shows that by 2050, a number of Central and South American countries including Colombia, Mexico, and Peru, could see their populations dwindle below 2.5 million. These people arent simply disappearing, said Garcia. On the contrary, theyre coming to the United States.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CAMBRIDGE, Ma. - A groundbreaking study conducted by researchers at MIT suggests Americans living in the United States could find themselves outnumbered..."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-22T13:09:52+00:00", "title": "Ringling Bros., WWE Among Sponsors of 2017 Presidential Inauguration", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/ringling-bros-wwe-listed-among-official-sponsors-2017-presidential-inauguration/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  On January 20, 2017, President-elect Donald J. Trump will be sworn in as Commander-in-Chief on the steps of the U.S. Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. in what is slated to be the most extravagant presidential inauguration in recent history.\nOur intention is to create a very memorable and intoxicating experience for the millions of proud Americans who will make their way to our nations capital next month, said Ryan Clarke, an event coordinator and congressional aide to Senator Roy Blunt (R-Mo), Chairman of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies. Mr. Clarke sat down with C-SPAN on Wednesday to discuss preparations for the inaugural parade and shed some much-needed light on what spectators can expect to see.\nThis year weve had the distinct pleasure of working with some really fantastic sponsors, Clarke said, continuing, One of our more prominent sponsors is the Ringling Brothers, so if youre a fan of the circus then youve come to the right place. Clarke said the traveling carnival company will play a major role in the historic ceremony, even going so far as to provide a thirteen-thousand pound elephant which President-elect Trump will ride from the White House to the inaugural ceremony at the Capitol.\nThis is the quintessential likeness of the Republican party, a visibly ecstatic Clarke told C-SPAN. The congressional aide said the president-elect has insisted on riding the enormous animal in lieu of carpooling to the Capitol building with the incumbent president  as is tradition.\nNothing about this ceremony is going to be traditional and thats the beauty of it, said Republican National Committee chairman and incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. The American people have endured eight years of tradition and they are sick and tired of it. Mr. Priebus and the RNC have teamed up with World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) to bring inaugural attendees  and the world  an exclusive one-of-a-kind post-ceremony show on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol. Dubbed the Professional Wrestling Event of the Century by Pay-Per-View, the special event is set to begin immediately after Donald J. Trump is sworn in as the 45th President of the United States.\nFollowing the ceremony, the president will exit the inaugural platform and proceed down the Capitol steps to the West Lawn where he will be met by 2016 WWE Heavyweight Champion Triple H, WWE co-founder Linda McMahon told Fox News host Sean Hannity on Wednesday. The presumptive Small Business Administration secretary went on to say that the presidential heavyweight and his WWE counterpart will enter the ring and square off against two stuntmen dressed as President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Regardless of your feelings on the election, this is going to be an event that no American should miss, McMahon said.\nThe fifty-eighth U.S. Presidential Inauguration is set to begin at noon on Friday, January 20, 2017, in Washington, D.C. The Washington Metropolitan Police Department estimates between 800,000 and 1 million people will be present for the ceremony and accompanying parade. Notable attendees include country singer Garth Brooks, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Russian president Vladimir Putin announced last week that he will not be making an appearance but will instead send Chechen president Ramzan Kadyrov in his place.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "On January 20, 2017, President-elect Donald J. Trump will be sworn in as Commander in Chief on the steps of the U.S. Capitol Building in Washington, D.C."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-30T09:04:19+00:00", "title": "Tribal Leaders Sign Treaty with U.S. Over Dakota Access Pipeline", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/tribal-leaders-reach-historic-treaty-u-s-dakota-access-pipeline/", "text": "FORT YATES, N.D.  A special envoy commissioned by North Dakota Governor John Stewart Dalrymple III met with the leadership council of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe on Tuesday to sign a historic peace treaty allowing for the continued and uninterrupted construction of the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline. This is a fine day, declared Department of the Army Special Envoy Captain Wyatt J. Dunlop. Not just for the good people of North Dakota but for all Americans.\nAccompanied by a contingent of Humvees and heavily armored M1 Abrams battle tanks from the 1st Cavalry Division, Captain Dunlop arrived at the Standing Rock tribal headquarters in Fort Yates late Tuesday night. During an elaborate welcoming ceremony, the Armys Special Envoy presented tribal leaders with a peace-offering in the form of six ornate oak chests filled to the brim with precious stones. Trinkets of this type are of great significance to the natives, Captain Dunlop told the Fargo-basedValley News Live,later adding that in turn, he was bestowed with a rudimentary coat made from the skin of a buffalo.\nIn addition to Dunlops peace-offering, soldiers from the 1st Cavalry Division made an attempt to assimilate the indigenous population with modern technology by distributing nearly one thousand iPads to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. As Americans, I believe we have an obligation to assist in the advancement of primitive civilizations no matter how small the contribution, explained Specialist Geoffrey Davis. Who knows? mused the twenty-four year-old solider as he looked on from the turret of his Humvee while a pair of natives tossed an iPad back and forth. Perhaps in two or three hundred years theyll have the means to live as we do.\nGovernor Dalrymple expressed satisfaction over the Standing Rock leaderships decision to immediately halt their longstanding protests over the much-needed Dakota Access Pipeline. Were very happy the tribes elders had the good sense to accept our gratuity, Dalrymple told CNNs Wolf Blitzer, adding that the alternative would have been costly for both parties. There was a legitimate fear that we might have another Wounded Knee on our hands, the governor later said.\nAs of Wednesday, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was on hand to assist in efforts to remove demonstrators from the main encampment after Governor Dalrymple issued an unrelated evacuation orderciting increasingly harsh weather conditions that have the potential to endanger human life. Army personnel will begin distributing wool blankets, handkerchiefs, and linen to those who refuse to obey the order after the December 5 deadline.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A special envoy commissioned by North Dakota Governor John Stewart Dalrymple III met with the leadership council of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe..."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-18T22:50:15+00:00", "title": "Peyton Manning to Pitch for Colorado Springs Sky Sox in '15 Season", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/peyton-manning-to-retire-from-nfl-pitch-for-colorado-springs-sky-sox-in-15-season/", "text": "ENGLEWOOD, Co.  Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning announced today that he is retiring from the NFL after sixteen years, the majority of which were spent with the Indianapolis Colts. Manning, who is the NFL all-time leader in career touchdown passes, told reporters he is ready to call it quits. Football has been my entire life for the last twenty years and Ive been fortunate enough to make a successful career out of it, he said, adding with the support of close friends and family, I made the decision to retire after the 2015 season to focus on other interests.\nManning cut short a 90 million dollar contract with the Denver Broncos to pursue other interests, one of which, surprisingly, is baseball. Football has been my job for the last sixteen years, Manning said, but my real passion is baseball.\nMoira Brown, spokeswoman for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox, a minor league team, spoke to this reporter during a phone interview, saying, A new era has begun. The team is very pleased with Peytons decision to sign with the Sky Sox as a relief pitcher. Peyton has been attending spring training and is integrating well with the team.\nThe Sky Sox, a Triple A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers, struggled last season with one of the worst pitching staffs in the Pacific Coast League. MLB.com contributor Abraham Washington speculates Manning will serve an important role coming out of the bullpen. When you have a team like the Sky Sox, who had the third worst ERA (5.43) and the least amount of saves (24) in the league last season, a guy like Peyton, with his displayed arm strength can only serve to improve those numbers. We may be looking at one of the best turnarounds in minor league baseball history; a true Worst to First story. Washington added he believes Manning has the ability to lead the Sky Sox to their first championship since 1995.\nManning has signed a one year deal with options and is receiving the maximum salary allowed for a first year rookie totaling $850 a month. Pending a successful first year, his contract could increase to $2,150 per month.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning announced today he is retiring from the NFL after sixteen years, the majority of which were spent with the Colts."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-02T10:00:00+00:00", "title": "North Korea to Host 2018 Winter Olympic Games", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/north-korea-to-host-2018-winter-olympic-games/", "text": "LAUSANNE, Switzerland  In a joint statement with officials from the Olympic Committee Of The Democratic Peoples Republic Of Korea, the International Olympic Committee, speaking from its headquarters in Switzerland, said today, We are proud to announce North Korea will, for the first time ever, host the Winter Olympic Games in 2018.\nNorth Korean state media announced Sunday the country will host the games at its brand new luxury ski resort in the Kangwong province. The ski resort, known as Masik Pass, has eleven ski runs complete with top-of-the-line equipment and boasts a small village at its base that includes several coffeehouses, a spa, a karaoke bar, and two hotels where Olympic athletes will stay.\nDue to overcrowding at Masik Pass, the vast majority of Olympic attendees will stay at the recently renovated Ryugyong Hotel in Pyongyang, North Koreas capital. Furthermore, the DPRK has announced the construction of an exclusive resort complex in Pukchang, a county in South Pyongan, where American and South Korean Olympic athletes and attendees will reside. According to state media, the glorious resort rests along the Taedong River which separates it from Pukchang political prison camp Number 18.\nThis is a big step for North Korea as far as international relations go, former CIA analyst Harry Pfarrer told CNNs Anderson Cooper. In the months leading up to the games the world will be watching to see how Kim Jong Un handles things on his side of the DMZ.\nFollowing a celebration honoring a new hall in the Victorious Fatherland Liberation War Museum in Pyongyang, Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un met with members of the North Korean Olympic team to congratulate them on past achievements which were accomplished thanks to Kims on-the-spot guidance. We will crush the empire of devils, the Dear Leader said, referring to the United States, while adding the toothless wolves will be reduced to ashes in a conflagration of hell fire.\nThe Korean Peoples Army will hold the responsibility of ferrying Olympic attendees to and from Pyongyang to the site of the Winter Games while simultaneously providing security at Masik Pass resort. Reserve forces will be called up to supply added layers of security around the country and to prevent foreigners from accessing restricted areas.\nThis will mark the first time North Korea has taken part in the Winter Olympics since 1992 when the country took home three bronze medals for short track speed skating. However, North Korea contests the official account, with state media reporting athletes from the DPRK took home every gold medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi despite not participating in the games.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "\"We are proud to announce North Korea will, for the first time ever, host the Winter Olympic Games in 2018.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-06-05T04:14:32+00:00", "title": "U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch Accepts FIFA Nomination", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-accepts-nomination-to-head-fifa/", "text": "ZURICH, Ch.  Following the indictment of over fourteen FIFA officials last week by the U.S. Department of Justice, FIFA president Sepp Blatter resigned as head of the organization on Wednesday amid a firestorm of corruption charges. Speculation as to who might take the reigns of the multi-billion dollar international football organization left some wondering if a female president might be able to reverse the organizations troubled image.\nIsha Johansen of Sierra Leone is one of two female football association presidents, a minority among FIFAs 209 member countries. Johansen spoke to CNN Wednesday about the possibility of leading the organization, saying, Yes, it would be wonderful wouldnt it  but I might decide to do something else. Johansen said she has learned a lot throughout her years of involvement with football but doubts shell enter the election. The Sierra Leone native said the office of the presidency is a position that must be earned, adding, I would hate for people to think I am where I am because Im a woman.\nStill, the possibility of FIFAs first ever female president could become a reality; U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who spearheaded the operation to bring down FIFAs corrupt leadership, has accepted a nomination for candidacy by the United States, England, and Mauritania. In her acceptance speech, Attorney General Lynch said she aims to Americanize soccer while bringing a female perspective to the sport. Lynch said under American leadership, FIFA will undergo a vast re-branding effort that will reflect American values and sportsmanship while maintaining some of the more traditional aspects soccer fans around the world have come to love.\nAmong Attorney General Lynchs list of proposed changes is a plan to increase corporate sponsorship for football, a move that would dramatically increase profits for FIFA. Classified as a non-profit organization, FIFA reaped over $2 billion in profits in 2014 alone. With additional corporate sponsorship, including the implementation of paid advertising during live broadcasts, a move that would lengthen overall airtime and allow athletes the opportunity to take water breaks, experts believe FIFA could double or even quadruple its profits in the coming years. Should Mrs. Lynch win the election, we could see FIFA surpass the NFL in terms of annual revenue, CNNs global economic analyst Paula Caton told Wolf Blitzer Wednesday. The National Football League brings in an estimated $9.5 billion a year, making it the most profitable sports organization on earth.\nAdditionally, Lynch plans to boost the role played by women in football by creating a worldwide cheerleading league, to be wholly financed and owned by FIFA, with each of its 209 member countries responsible for training and maintaining their respective squads.\nDespite ongoing efforts by the Department of Justice to bring a slew of charges, including bribery and racketeering, against corrupt FIFA officials, the United States is offering any country who pledges unwavering support for Attorney General Lynch a guaranteed economic and military aid package valued at $20 billion. Already, a host of nations, including Tunisia, Bahrain, and Zimbabwe, three countries with a long history of human rights violations, have pledged allegiance to Lynchs bid for the FIFA presidency.\nSepp Blatter, who served as FIFAs president for seventeen years before announcing his resignation this week, will remain the head of the organization until a new election is held to determine his replacement. The 79 year-old Swiss citizen holds a degree in business and economics from the University of Lausanne. He was elected into office for the first time in 1998 and was later reelected three times, first in 2002, then, unopposed, in May of 2007, and finally, for his now final term in 2011.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Following the indictment of over fourteen FIFA officials last week by the U.S. Department of Justice, FIFA president Sepp Blatter resigned..."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-28T14:15:26+00:00", "title": "George Zimmerman Shoots 61 at Florida Golf Course", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/george-zimmerman-shoots-61-at-florida-golf-course/", "text": "NAPLES, Fl.  According to witnesses and employees at the Eagles Lake Golf Club in Naples, George Zimmerman shot a record-breaking 61 on Monday after playing eighteen holes with an unidentified partner. Zimmerman, best known for shooting and killing Trayvon Martin on July 13th, 2013, had reportedly arrived at the public course just after 1 p.m. to request a tee time.\nBeing a public facility, we cant discriminate against our clientele as much as wed like, in the way a private club can, Manager Brett Owens told FOX 4 Now. But after watching him on the green, even I have to admit, the guy is far better with a club than he is with a gun.\nWitnesses say Zimmerman was using Callaway clubs and preferred to walk the course himself rather than rent a cart. He played very gracefully, said one golfer who asked to remain anonymous. Every stroke he took appeared very well thought out. Premeditated, even.\nZimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder charges following the shooting death of Trayvon Martin and has made several appearances in the media since then. In May he suffered minor injuries after being shot at by a fellow motorist who was later revealed to be a neighbor that Zimmerman had been involved in a dispute with. Despite all thats happened with him in the past, I think he could really go places if he ever wanted to play golf professionally, Owens said. He has the potential to become the white Tiger Woods.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "George Zimmerman shot a record-breaking 61 on Monday at a Florida golf course after playing eighteen holes with an unidentified partner."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-10T21:17:36+00:00", "title": "Remington to Offer Organic Line of Ammunition", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/remington-to-offer-organic-line-of-ammunition/", "text": "LONOKE, Ar.  A spokesman for the Remington Arms Company, Americas oldest firearms manufacturer, announced Friday that the company, in an effort to appeal to vegans and other health conscious firearms enthusiasts, is rolling a new product line of organic ammunition. Not only is each individual round created using the highest quality organic material, Remington also buys every component locally, spokesman Tommy Ross said.\nWhile cheaper than conventional ammunition, Remingtons organic line meets the same quality standards that have governed the companys ammunition production for nearly two hundred years. In fact, during field testing, our organic rounds outperformed almost every premium grade round on the market, including our own, Ross said.\nThe components, which differenciate Remingtons organic ammunition from its standard product line, are made entirely of organically produced materials. Even the gunpowder is organic, Ross said. The projectile, or bullet, is made from the pit of an avocado. Needless to say, we use organic avocados grown right here in Arkansas. The shell casing and primer, Ross explained, are made of an ultra-lightweight organic polymer capable of withstanding extreme heat.\nGus Bryant, a retired Marine and Arkansas native, got a chance to test out Remingtons new product. Using a bolt-action Remington 700, Bryant was able to take down a deer at a distance of three hundred yards. I found the organic rounds overexceeded my expectations, Bryant said, adding he that he felt better about consuming the venison after using an organic bullet rather than lead.\nRemingtons organic rounds are set to hit stores in later this month and are available in a variety of calibers, from .22 LR all the way up to .50 BMG. Additionally, Remington will offer a line of organic home defense hollow-point ammunition priced slightly higher than the standard organic rounds.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "\"Not only is each individual round created using the highest quality organic material, Remington buys every component locally,\" spokesman Tommy Ross said."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-25T09:30:16+00:00", "title": "13 Killed as M1 Abrams Tank Wins Marine Corps Marathon", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/13-killed-as-m1-abrams-tank-wins-marine-corps-marathon/", "text": "ARLINGTON, Va.  Thirteen people were killed and another fifty were injured Sunday morning when an M1 Abrams battle tank plowed through the finish line of the 2015 Marine Corps Marathon, making it the first mechanized member of the U.S. Marine Corps to place first in the annual race.\nTwenty-nine year old Ben Hurst from Annapolis, Maryland, who participated in the marathon, said the heavily armored Abrams tank passed himshortly after crossing the Key Bridge onto M Street. I was like what the f***, thats not fair,' Hurst told FOX 5 DC.Hurst latersaid he still supports the troops.\nThe tanksoperator Lance CorporalJason Connelly,who suffers from PTSD and incurs frequent blackouts and hallucinations,saidthe marathon reminded him of Baghdad during the 2003 invasion. The streets werejam-packed with people, he said.At one point I yelled to my crewman, Todd, Man thefifty! But then I remembered were in Washington, D.C.\nArlington County police said nine people were killed in Crystal City near12thStreet South and Army Navy Drivewhen the Abrams tank shelled the Chatpat Truck, a popularMetropolitan-areaIndian food truck. Corporal Todd Bennett, who served three consecutive tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, later apologized for the mishap, telling FOX 5 DC hemistook the food truckfor a haji bus.\nWilson Mosop of Kenya placed second in the marathon, finishing in just under an hour and thirty-seven minutes. Mosop, a second cousin to President Barack Obama, was said to have spent the majority of the race running alongside the M1 Abrams battle tank.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Thirteen people were killed and another fifty were injured Sunday morning when an M1 Abrams plowed through the finish line of the 2015 Marine Corps Marathon"}
{"published_time": "2016-08-31T10:41:45+00:00", "title": "Colin Kaepernick Under Fire After Refusing to Sit Down at Concert", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/colin-kaepernick-fire-refusing-sit-outdoor-concert/", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO, Ca.  San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick found himself at the center of a firestorm again this week after he refused to sit down during an outdoor music festival in the San Francisco Bay Area.\nThe twenty-eight year-old biracial football star was attending a free concert with some friends Tuesday afternoon when he reportedly began to experience a stiffness in his neck. Everyone was lounging around trying to enjoy the music, fellow concert goer Mike Kepler told CNN. All of a sudden the guy in front of me gets up and starts doing these stretching moves and I suddenly realize this is the guy who wouldnt stand up for the national anthem.\nKepler said he and his fiancerepeatedly asked the NFL player to sit down but their pleas fell on deaf ears. According to a friend of Kaepernicks who witnessed the encounter, the star athlete turned around on more than one occasion and politely told the couple that he preferred to stand after having been on an airplane all day. Its a free country, he tells me. Can you believe that? Kepler later told Wolf Blitzer. I mean who does this guy think he is?\nKepler said he and several other attendees complained to event staff about Kaepernicks behavior during and after the concert but were met with similar indignation. We were basically told that its his right to stand if he wants to stand. Well its my goddamn right to see the f***ing stage, Kepler retorted, adding that his grandfather died in the Pacific while fighting the Japanese to preserve that right.\nThis isnt the first time the 49ers star has come under fire over his posture. Last Friday, Kaepernick, who is adopted, stirred controversy when he declined to stand for the national anthem during a preseason game against the Green Bay Packers.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Colin Kaepernick found himself at the center of a firestorm again this week after he refused to sit down during an outdoor music festival in the Bay Area."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-29T16:05:53+00:00", "title": "FedEx Field to Host 75,000 Syrian Refugees During Post Season", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/fedex-field-to-host-75000-refugees-during-post-season/", "text": "LANDOVER, Md.  Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder announced today that following the end of the NFLs regular season, FedEx Field will host some seventy-five thousand Syrian refugees until they can be relocated to other parts of the country. Were doing our part for the betterment of humanity, declared Mr. Snyder during Sundays post-game press conference.\nThe majority of the refugees will be housed in the stadium itself but just over a third, approximately 26,000 people, will live temporarily in tent cities set up in the massive parking lot that surrounds FedEx Field. A number of players, including Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins, will be on hand to attend to the daily needs of the refugees. It gives us something productive to do during the playoffs, Cousins told ESPN.\nAbout eighty percent of the refugees are former residents of the Syrian city of al-Raqqa. Located along the north bank of the Euphrates, al-Raqqa has become an ISIS stronghold and has subsequently seen some of the heaviest aerial bombardment since the start of the conflict. Its nothing like I remember it, said Mohammed Hussaini, a Syrian lawyer who is among the refugees set to be housed at FedEx Field. I fear we can never return.\nThe other twenty percent or so, according to the Department of State, have been flagged as origins unknown. However, State Department officials working in conjunction with FEMA will establish an operations command center in FedEx Fields Purple Lot where refugees will undergo a vetting process.\nPrince Georges County City Council President Armin Tamzarian told Fox 5 DC, On behalf of the people of Landover, Id like to extend a warm welcome to the refugees. We encourage you leave the stadium; branch out and explore all that Landover has to offer. Councilman Tamzarian touted the Afrik International Food Market as a must-see for the Syrian refugees. If thats not enough, Tamzarian continued, theres the Value Village Thrift Store and, lets not forget, Landover Liquors.\nMany in Prince Georges County view the influx of Syrian refugees in a positive light. Their arrival has real potential to boost our local economy, said Bryan White, a small business owner. White, who owns a local gun shop, believes the refugees could increase his sales by at least fifty percent in 2016.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "LANDOVER, Md. - Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder announced today that following the end of the NFL's regular season, FedEx Field will host..."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-27T08:15:03+00:00", "title": "Washington Nationals to Honor Drones During Home Games", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/washington-nationals-honor-drones-home-games-2016-season/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  More than a dozen major league baseball teams, including the Washington Nationals, will hold in-game ceremonies to honor drones and their operators during the upcoming 2016 season, MLB spokesman Courtney Roberts announced Sunday afternoon.\nHistorically, weve made an effort to honor the men and women of our nations armed forces and their continued commitment and sacrifice to this country, Mr. Roberts said, continuing, But rarely do we stop and consider these brave drone operators who go beyond declared war zones to stop those who aim to take away the freedoms we hold so dear.\nAccording to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, the United States has carried out 491 drone strikes in Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen since President Barack Obama took office in 2009. The strikes, which are carried out in sovereign countries, at times without their consent, often result in the deaths of hundreds of civiliansincluding children. These often unrecognized men and women are the front line soldiers in the war against Islamic extremism, Mr. Roberts said. They deserve our thanks as much as, if not more than anyone else.\nTo mark the start of the 2016 season, the Washington Nationals will honor six current and former CIA drone operators during the opening ceremony of their first home game scheduled for March 3rd against the New York Mets. At this game and at every subsequent home game, there will be two or three Predator drones that perform a fly-by over Nationals Park. Well ask the fans and players alike to stand and salute them as they pass overhead, Toby McGinnis, a spokesman for the Washington Nationals, told Fox 5 DC.\nIn addition, current and former CIA and Air Force drone operators will be given priority access to VIP suites and choice seating during home games and other special events. Its important that we pay homage to these courageous men and women who selflessly defend our freedom day in and day out, Mr. McGinnis said, adding,As a special show of appreciation towards our beloved fans, well be handing out limited edition die-cast Washington Nationals Predator drones to the first one thousand people who enter the park on Opening Day.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - More than a dozen major league baseball teams, including the Washington Nationals, will hold in-game ceremonies to honor drones..."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-26T09:15:55+00:00", "title": "Mexican Drug Cartel Rolls Out New Cancer Treatment Drug", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/mexican-drug-cartel-rolls-out-new-cancer-t/", "text": "CHIHUAHUA, Mx.  A new drug that purportedly cures cancer is set to debut in the United States as early as next week, the Sinaloa drug cartel announced Thursday.Speaking from an undisclosed location, Ismael Zambada Garcia, who co-leads the Sinaloa cartel with El Chapo Guzman, said the international drug conglomerate has been working on a cancer cure since 2001. We finally have it, Garcia proclaimed.\nThe new drug, aptly named TR-901 and known by its street name Teddy Roosevelt, has succeeded in eliminating cancer from humans in a series of preliminary tests conducted in a controlled environment by the Sinaloa cartel. TR-901 has a 60% mortality rate which is significantly lower than previous prototypes, according to Garcia. But, he added, every subject who survived the trial was cured. Thats a 100% success rate in my book.\nDue in part to an estimated street value of $5,000 per gram, Garcia said local American street dealers will not have access to the drug. Instead, theLos Zetasorganization which has entered into a mutually beneficial arrangement with the Sinaloa cartel, will act as the sole distributor of TR-901 in the United States.\nThe roll-out of TR-901 is part of a broader scheme by the Sinaloa cartel to broaden its operations beyond the manufacture and sale of recreational drugs. We have initiated an aggressive expansion into the global pharmaceutical market, Garcia said, adding that TR-901 would not be possible without the dedication and commitment shown by a team of Austrian pharmacists who were reportedly abducted at gunpoint in early 2005.\nTR-901 is scheduled to appear in the continental United States as early as December 1st. Doctors affiliated with the Sinaloa cartel recommend a starting dosage of .25 grams which can be administered orally, nasally, or by injection. The drug is not yet approved by the FDA.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CHIHUAHUA, Mx. - A new drug that purportedly cures cancer is set to debut in the United States as early as next week, the Sinaloa cartel announced Thursday."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-14T13:46:53+00:00", "title": "SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Reveals He is 96% Cyborg", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-reveals-he-is-96-cyborg/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  During an event in downtown Los Angeles Monday morning, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk revealed he has reached a scientific breakthrough of epic proportions. Mr. Musk, a South African-born Canadian-American, has successfully created the first-ever cybernetic organism: himself.\nSpeaking from the helipad atop the U.S. Bank Tower, L.A.s tallest skyscraper, Musk announced to a near speechless audience that he is the most powerful entity on earth. Mr. Musk then turned and without warning, leaped off the side of the seventy-three story skyscraper and plunged in a one thousand foot free fall to the street below.\nAppearing completely unharmed, Mr. Musk then took off sprinting down West Fifth Street. A nearby Los Angeles police lieutenant enjoying a coffee break in his patrol car clocked Mr. Musks speed at just over one hundred and ninety miles per hour. It was f***ing incredible, an elated Lieutenant Nicholas Sanchez told The LA Times.\nSeveral hours later, the forty-four year-old Musk made an unannounced appearance at the U.S. Capitol Building in Washington, D.C., where he declared thatall of humanity will kneel to my power before picking up a D.C. police vehicle and ripping it in half with his bare hands. Believing it to be a terrorist attack, several officers with the Secret Services Uniformed Division opened fire on Mr. Musk, but according to one officers account, the bullets bounced off of him like hail on a windshield.\nMr. Musk later said the entire spectacle was meant to encourage scientific thought and promised he has no intention of taking over the world in the immediate future. Speaking at a joint press conference with D.C. mayor Muriel Bowser Monday afternoon, Mr. Musk presented the Metropolitan Police Department with a check for $23,000 to cover the cost of the destroyed police cruiser. This is just a small token of my gratitude for the good work you people do, Mr. Musk said.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "LOS ANGELES, Ca. - During an event in downtown Los Angeles, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk revealed he has reached a scientific breakthrough of epic proportions."}
{"published_time": "2016-08-17T09:53:48+00:00", "title": "Michael Phelps Arrives in Maryland After 5,281 Mile Swim from Rio", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/michael-phelps-arrives-maryland-5281-mile-swim-rio-de-janeiro/", "text": "OCEAN CITY, Md.  American Olympian and competitive swimmer Michael Phelps received a heros welcome during a celebration in his hometown of Towson, Maryland, on Wednesday. Hours before, the thirty-one year-old Phelps swam ashore on the sandy beaches of Ocean City after completing a record-breaking 5,281 mile swim from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, home of the 2016 Summer Olympics.\nIt was a piece of cake, Phelps told ESPNs Kevin Van Walkenburg. The senior sports writer has documented Phelps career for more than a decade and followed the swimmer by jet ski during the final four miles of his historic swim back to the United States. He was graceful; it was like watching a robust swan, Walkenburg said, adding that Phelps completed more than eighty percent of the one hundred twenty-hour journey while performing the Butterfly stroke.\nPhelps, who has won a career total twenty-eight Olympic medals  twenty-three of which are gold  plunged into the waters off the coast of Rio de Janeiro Saturday afternoon wearing only a Speedo, a Camelbak hydration backpack, and two waterproof tachymeters. I always carry at least one spare, Phelps explained, adding that on average he spends three and a half hours a day documenting his stats.\nMichael Phelps said he made the noble decision to swim back to the United States rather than fly because he wanted to prove to the world  and himself  that he could. That and I felt I deserved some me time, the swimmer said with a laugh. Phelps described the swim as a relaxing experience and said he was able to maintain a steady speed of thirty-seven knots, or about forty-two miles per hour, for most of the journey.\nPhelps took home five gold medals and one silver in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. To top it off, the most decorated Olympian in history broke a 2,168 year-old Olympic record by winning the most individual gold medals of any athlete since 152 B.C.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Phelps swam ashore on the sandy beaches of Ocean City after completing a record-breaking 5,281 mile swim from Rio de Janeiro, site of the 2016 Olympics."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-21T13:53:50+00:00", "title": "Solar Energy Consumption Accelerating Effects of Global Warming", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/nasa-solar-energy-consumption-accelerating-effects-of-global-warming/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A new study conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration has concluded that solar energy consumption is directly related to the rapid increase in global warming.\nThe process by which solar energy is obtained not only directly contributes to global warming, it amplifies it significantly, said Dr. Robert Roland, who testified before the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology last week. Dr. Roland, who holds a PhD in biology, explained that solar energy is obtained using solar photovoltaic panels which absorb the suns radiant energy. The problem, Dr. Roland said, is theres no way to regulate how much energy were collecting.\nBy NASAs own estimate, the sun has to work four to five times harder than usual to produce enough energy to account for the existing solar panels. This is why were seeing a significant rise in global temperatures, Dr. Roland said. Because of solar energy platforms, the sun is emitting four to five hundred times the energy required by our solar system. At the current rate, much of the earth will experience catastrophic temperatures as early as 2025.\nIf thats not enough, Dr. Rolands team predicts the sun itself will likely burn out completely well before the turn of the century. The sun is a star, Dr. Roland explained. And like all stars, it will eventually die out. However, thanks to our insatiable need for alternative energy, were expediting the process appreciably.\nWhen asked by the committees vice chairman, Rep. Frank Lucas (R-Ok), as to possible alternatives to solar energy, Dr. Roland advocated for the continued use of coal and other fossil fuels. Weve been using them for this long; theres no reason to stop now, said Dr. Roland, adding that by comparison, fossil fuels have little to no effect on climate change.\nAccording to Dr. Roland, very few people outside of the scientific community are aware of the inherent dangers associated with solar energy. However, aNorth Carolina communityhas already taken steps to ban solar production within its city limits, a move Dr. Roland hailed as a good start but still not enough to reverse the increasingly damaging effects solar power has unleashed on the planet.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - A study conducted by NASA has concluded that solar energy consumption is directly related to the rapid increase in global warming."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-15T08:55:10+00:00", "title": "New App Stores All Your Passwords in One Place", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/new-app-stores-all-your-passwords-in-one-place/", "text": "FORT MEADE, Md.  Having trouble remembering the password for your backup email account? Cant recall your login details for that unsavory dating website you signed up for last August? Well worry no more! Thanks to some tech savvy analysts at the National Security Agency, theres a new app that keeps track of every username and password youve used since the birth of the Internet.\nHere at the NSA, were all too familiar with the importance of keeping your personal information safe, said a senior intelligence analyst who -for the purpose of this article, asked to be identified as Brad. Designed using an algorithm similar to that of the NSAs now defunct meta-data gathering program, the app, known simply as the Disposition Matrix, is launched by making an impression of your thumbprint with your smartphones fingerprint sensor.\nIts that easy, said Brad, who added the Disposition Matrix is only available on devices that utilize fingerprint and retinal recognition software. The ability to uniquely identify a user is paramount to the apps functionality, Brad toldReal News Right Now.But there must be a catch, right? Nope, not according to Brad. In fact, it gets even better: The Disposition Matrix is completely free.\nStill not convinced? A recent review by consumer electronics website Cnet.com gave the app five out of five stars with Cnet editor Brian Cooney calling the new app the finest government program weve seen since the Reagan era. Meanwhile, design and technology blog Gizmodo described the Disposition Matrixs fluidity as immaculate in every sense of the word.\nThe Disposition Matrix is currently available for download on the iPhone 5s model and above and has a scheduled launch date of January 20th for Google Play, according to a briefing posted on the National Security Agencys official website.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Thanks to some tech savvy analysts at the NSA, there's a new app that keeps track of every username and password you've used since the dawn of the Internet."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-18T23:25:20+00:00", "title": "Willow and Jaden Smith Selected for 2024 Mars Mission", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/willow-and-jaden-smith-among-finalists-selected-for-2024-manned-mars-mission-3/", "text": "NETHERLANDS  A representative speaking on behalf of the Mars One and Interplanetary Media Group, the organization behind the planned human mission to Mars, released the names of the first four individuals set to depart Earth for Mars in April of 2024. Patrick Van Heyting, Director of Public Relations for Mars One, spoke with investors and members of the media Monday afternoon, saying, I am pleased to announce the names and nationalities of the four astronauts who will take part in the first phase of the Mars One mission.\nThe first team of astronauts will consist of two men and two women; Zaeed Massani, an engineer from Morocco, Dr. Liara TSoni, a microbiologist from France, and siblings Willow and Jaden Smith from the United States. These four individuals represent the best humanity has to offer and will lead mankind into a new age, Van Heyting told investors, following a standing ovation for the four astronauts.\nActor Will Smith told Entertainment Weekly that his children, Willow and Jaden, are very excited about the prospect of spending the rest of their lives on Mars. We fully support them in their decision. Jada and I have always said,  Follow your dreams, and thats exactly what theyre doing here, said Smith, who laughed while adding, Anything to keep them away from the Jenners.\nIsaac Clarke, who designed the strict training program which the first four astronauts will enter later this year, told this reporter he is very excited about the group, particularly Willow and Jaden Smith. There is nothing child-like about these two. If youve met them, you know what Im talking about. They have a way about them thats almost godlike. They possess an inner awareness even the Dalai Lama would find difficult not to envy.\nIn her final interview, when asked how she would deal with theprobability that she would spend the rest of her life on the Red Planet with three other people, Willow Smith told the Mars One Advisory Board that the concept of time was beyond her, I mean, time for me, I can make it go slow or fast, however I please, and thats how I know it doesnt exist.\nIt brought tears to my eyes, said Clarke, who sits on the Advisory Board. After she said it, I looked around and saw I wasnt the only one.\nThe four astronauts are scheduled to begin training in July of 2015 at a desert outpost which resembles Mars rough terrain. Following completion of the first tier of training, the group will relocate to a more remote environment similar in nature to the Arctic desert. Training and preparations will continue up until the launch in 2024.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Zaeed Massani, an engineer from Morocco, Dr. Liara T'Soni, a microbiologist from France, and siblings Willow and Jaden Smith from the United States."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-20T21:05:08+00:00", "title": "Leaked Alphabet Memos Show Plans to Absorb U.S. Government", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/leaked-alphabet-memos-show-company-plans-to-absorb-u-s-government-enslave-population/", "text": "MOUNTAIN VIEW, Ca.  Confidential memos leaked by a missing Google employee offer troubling revelations about the tech giants long-term goals. Obtained by The New York Times, the memos detail the emergence of Alphabet, an umbrella company created by Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, and provide a brief but sinister look into Alphabets drone delivery research division known as Wing.\nOn March 24th, 2015, the Wall Street Journal reported that Google CEO Eric Schmidt visited the White House for meetings with senior officials about 230 times, or an average of roughly once a week. Exactly which officials attended the meetings as well as what topics were discussed was not disclosed. However, it was initially presumed the discussions revolved around a pending anti-trust lawsuit filed against Google that was later dropped entirely.\nAs described in the leaked memos, exactly one week after the lawsuits dismissal, Alphabets Wing division facilitated the transfer of 27,182 autonomous air and land-based militarized drones to 818 unspecified locations around the U.S. The drones, which account for 28% of Alphabets fleet, are outfitted with electromagnetic railguns and laser weapon systems.\nAccording to one heavily redacted internal document, Google began experimenting with nuclear rocket propulsion in 2005 as part of a secretive program the company established with the intention of developing a spaceship capable of interstellar travel. Details surrounding the program are sparse but the memos indicate the craft itself was designed to accommodate 994 people and is outfitted with life support systems and features advanced defensive capabilities.\nUnder the direction of Alphabet, Google will initiate a full-scale takeover of the federal government on December 11, 2015. Dubbed Phase One, the tech giant plans to violently absorb the U.S. government and civilian infrastructure in a matter of hours. Following the collapse of the federal government and the launch of Phase Two, Alphabets Wing division is set to deploy the remaining 78% of its fleet of autonomous drones to enforce the mass enslavement of the U.S. population.\nBy Alphabets own estimate, nearly a quarter of the U.S. population will have been liquidated by the end of Phase Two. The remaining populace, an estimated 239 million Americans, will be sent to forced-labor camps known as output farms, where they will work day and night to assemble Alphabets massive interstellar spacecraft.\nThe crafts proposed departure date is not mentionedanywhere inthe leaked memos but journalist Glenn Greenwald of The Intercepttold CNN that with a workforce of several hundred million able-bodied Americans, Alphabet could leave the planet in as early as three months. Greenwald, who lives in South America, vowed to monitor and objectively report on the situation following the imminent collapse of the United States.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Obtained by The New York Times, the memos detail the emergence of Alphabet and provide a brief but sinister look into Alphabet\u2019s \u201cdrone delivery\u201d division."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-14T23:49:31+00:00", "title": "New Horizons Data Reveals Pluto is the Size of a Marble", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/new-horizons-data-reveals-pluto-is-the-size-of-a-marble/", "text": "LAUREL, Md.  At exactly 8:53 p.m. Tuesday night, NASA officials received a much-anticipated confirmation from the New Horizons spacecraft that it had successfully performed its scheduled scientific tasks during the 22-hour period it was out of contact with Mission Control.\nOfficials and spectators at Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory, where the mission is being run, were ecstatic upon receiving the data. Weve been waiting nearly a decade for this moment, said NASAs missions operations manager Alice Bowman. After traveling more than three billion miles over a nine and a half-year period, New Horizons passed within 7,800 miles of Pluto and its five moons.\nAfter reviewing the data, Ms. Bowman and other members of the mission team held a press conference to announce the findings. Dr. S. Alan Stern, the principal investigator for the New Horizons mission, described Pluto as having five regions of pronounced terrain. Perhaps the most startling data weve received about Pluto is its size. We always imagine objects in our solar system to be relative in size to Earth, said Dr. Stern. Pluto, it turns out, is roughly the size of a marble.\nThis information just further proves that our knowledge of the universe, and even just our solar system, is extremely limited, Ms. Bowman said, adding that Plutos moons are even smaller by comparison. Of Plutos five moons, the smallest is barely visible to the naked eye. Its largest moon, Charon, we think, is about the size of a BB.\nDr. Stern said the suns light is what makes Pluto visible from Earth. Light obviously travels at an unfathomable rate of speed across the universe. So when were seeing these planets and stars in the night sky, we often have no way of knowing their true size.\nHaving completed its flyby of Pluto, the New Horizons spacecraft will now make its way to the Kuiper Belt, a ring of primordial debris that encircles the outer reaches of the solar system. New Horizons will be the first spacecraft to reach the Belt, which scientists believe contains clues to the origins of our solar system.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NASA officials have received confirmation from the New Horizons spacecraft that it has performed its scheduled scientific tasks during the 22-hour period."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-06T16:00:00+00:00", "title": "U.S. Navy Confirms Ship-Based Rail Gun, Laser Weapons", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/u-s-navy-confirms-ship-based-rail-gun-laser-weapons-designed-for-interplanetary-defense/", "text": "SOUTH KOREA  In an unprecedented admission Tuesday, Colonel Roy Campbell of the United States Joint Special Operations Command brought to light the existence of a top secret multinational task force designed to thwart off a potential attack from extraterrestrial aggressors. It may sound like the plot of a Michael Bay movie but according to officials directly involved with the task force, the operation, code named STARGAZR, has become something of a frightening reality.\nThe White House, so far, has been silent on the issue, with President Obama speaking at the annual National Prayer Breakfast alongside the Dali Lama yesterday at a Washington area Hilton. However, other world leaders, including Russian President Vladimir Putin, who took the opportunity to stage a photo op with reporters, spoke briefly on the matter. We have been working closely with our allies, including the Americans, on this pressing issue. It affects all countries. The Russian president added that the G7 countries are leading the initiative but all allied countries are playing a role.\nDuring a routine training exercise with South Korean Naval Forces on Wednesday, a high ranking member of the U.S. Special Operations Center Pacific Command spoke on condition of anonymity with this reporter confirming Putins statement while adding that the United States and its allies are working in conjunction with NASAs Special Projects Board, a previously unknown branch of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, which, the official explained, is a clandestine entity NASA implemented exclusively for operation STARGAZR.\nA specialist with NASAs Infrared Telescope Facility in Mauna Kea, Hawaii, who has first hand knowledge of the Special Projects Board but wished to remain anonymous, spoke via telephone with the Associated Press yesterday. The specialist would not comment on the Special Projects Board itself but said the Board, as well as operation STARGAZR, were initiated after the discovery of two satellites orbiting earth which the specialist said were not our own. According the AP the specialist would not elaborate further.\nFollowing the wrap up of joint exercises with the U.S. Navy on Wednesday, Vice Admiral Juri Han of the South Korean Navy informed reporters that his government had authorized him to speak briefly on the subject of the initiative. Han confirmed what others had said and reiterated the plan to develop a global defense apparatus, and, he added, Its no longer a question of if this happens but when.'\nMultiple sources confirm NASAs Special Projects Board has been working with the U.S. Navy to help develop a high-energy electromagnetic rail gun which the Navy plans to deploy using a fleet of high speed vessels as early as 2016. The rail gun uses kinetic energy to propel a projectile at speeds capable of reaching Mach 6.\nThe Navy has also developed a ship-mounted precision laser weapon which, up until recently it claimed, was designed to shoot down enemy drones. The laser is reportedly so precise that it has received the nickname Hubble telescope of the sea and can detonate targets at an undisclosed range within a nanosecond of firing.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The rail gun uses kinetic energy to propel a projectile at speeds capable of reaching Mach 6."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-14T02:03:12+00:00", "title": "Similac, Children's Advil to Make Vaccines More Accessible", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/makers-of-similac-childrens-advil-team-up-with-cdc-to-make-vaccines-more-accessible-2/", "text": "NEW YORK, N.Y.  The American pharmaceutical corporation Pfizer announced today that it has teamed up with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to launch a two pronged initiative that will make vaccines more accessible to children who need them while also providing educational tools to the public in order to spread awareness about the health benefits of vaccination.\nDr. Merrill Bobolit of the CDC spoke to reporters during a joint press conference, saying, Were seeing a rise in people, particularly parents, who, due to misinformation, whether it be online or from a health care professional, wrongly believe vaccinations are harmful to their children. Our goal is to change this perception. Its important people realize vaccinations are not only a benefit to their childs health but also to those around them. The CDC has updated their website to include a section dedicated to educating the public on the truth about vaccines, complete with videos and a downloadable PowerPoint presentation for classroom use.\nMeanwhile Pfizer is making it even easier for parents to vaccinate their children. Scientists working for the pharmaceutical company have developed a way to infuse their products with vaccines recommended by the CDC. We believe in convenience, company CEO David Sarif said during a recent shareholder video conference. Thats why were saving you the hassle of taking time off from work and scheduling a doctors appointment just to get your child vaccinated. Now all the vaccines your children need are readily available in our over-the-counter products. From ibuprofen to allergy medicine, weve got you covered.\nSarif explained that by taking products like Childrens Advil, even for the occasional fever, children will build up a permanent immunity to a wide range of illnesses. Were revolutionizing the way vaccines are administered, he said.\nPfizer isnt the only company taking this new approach. At least two other companies are taking steps to infuse their products as well, including Abott Diagnostics, the maker of Similac baby formula. Theres no reason why we have to limit ourselves to infused medicine, Sarif told shareholders. We have to think big. By this time next year consumers could be buying crates of vaccinated bottled water.\nPfizer says the vaccine infused products are set to hit stores nationwide on March 1st. Consumers will find familiarity in the products as Pfizer has not altered the packaging in any way. All thats changed is whats inside, Sarif says.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will launch a two pronged initiative that will make vaccines more accessible to children who need them..."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-29T10:21:38+00:00", "title": "Lockheed Martin Hires Jonathan Pollard to Head Stealth Program", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/lockheed-martin-hires-renowned-scientist-jonathan-pollard-to-head-stealth-fighter-program/", "text": "BETHESDA, Md.  The American defense contractor Lockheed Martin announced today that it will be bringing world-renowned scientist Jonathan Pollard on to head the companys stealth fighter program. We are very excited to have Mr. Pollard with us. Given his extensive knowledge of U.S. intelligence and weapons systems, we feel hell make an excellent addition to the Lockheed Martin team, said company CEO Marilyn Hewson.\nAn American-Israeli citizen, the sixty-year-old Pollard previously worked as a Navy intelligence analyst before taking a thirty-year sabbatical at a monastery in the Himalayas where he underwent a period of deep self-reflection. Pollard said with the help his bunk-mate, Spider, he was able to reach his inner being and discover his lifes purpose. Spider really helped me understand that my destiny is to help the U.S. develop advanced stealth fighter aircraft.\nLockheed Martin has been working in conjunction with Boeing to develop a proposal for a Long Range Strike Bomber for the Department of Defense. The U.S. Air Force has said it plans to purchase a minimum of eighty LRS-B aircraft at $550 million each. The two companies are competing against Northrop Grumman for the contract.\nMr. Pollard will be given a high-level security clearance and unrestricted access to Lockheeds research division where he will oversee the development of the Long Range Strike Bomber as well as other ongoing projects, including the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Pollard is set to assume his new position on November 21st of this year.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Lockheed Martin announced today that it will be bringing world-renowned scientist Jonathan Pollard on to head the company's stealth fighter program."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-26T23:56:11+00:00", "title": "Unidentified 'Handprint' Found on Mars Rover", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/unidentified-handprint-found-on-mars-rover/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A high level NASA official, speaking on condition of anonymity, told the Associated Press today that analysts working for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration are struggling to identify a mysterious print found on the robotic arm of the Mars Rover Curiosity. The rover, which is about the size of a car, has several cameras on it that regularly transmit images back to Earth.\nAccording to the unnamed official, NASA received several images earlier this month that show a hand-like print, or smudge, near the base of the seven foot robotic arm. Analysts are working to determine the origins of the print by examining data sent back from Curiosity, including the results of chemical and biological tests performed by the rover.\nThis reporter spoke with Byron Williams, a contractor working at NASA headquarters in Washington, who has firsthand knowledge of the images. Williams says the consensus among NASA staff is that its some type of hand-print. Exactly what type, human or extraterrestrial, is yet to be determined. What we do know for certain is it wasnt there a month ago, Williams says.\nAccording to Williams, and corroborated by the NASA officials statement to the AP, the print wraps around the robotic arms cylindrical base much like a hand would. In one image you can clearly make out the impression of fingers. Its fairly unsettling to look at.\nCuriosity landed on the Red Planet on August 6th, 2012 and has since spent 935 days there. Part of the rovers mission is to determine if Mars could have ever supported life.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NASA is struggling to identify a mysterious print found on the robotic arm of the Mars Rover 'Curiosity.'"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-15T00:04:15+00:00", "title": "Cloned 'Human' Escapes Chinese Government Laboratory", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/cloned-human-escapes-chinese-government-laboratory/", "text": "SUZHOU, Prc.  The Chinese government denied allegations today that a cloned human-like specimen escaped a government-runmedical testing facility in the Jiangsu Provincelate last week. Our involvement in cloning does not extend beyond the research phase, said Li Bin, chairman of Chinas National Health and Family Planning Commission. Further, our intention is not to copy a human being but to create genetically matched cells and tissue for the benefitoftransplant patients.\nMeanwhile, Internet access in the Jiangsu Province has been suspended since Saturday and much of the city is experiencing a cellular blackout, theShanghai Morning Postreported early today. Residents of northern Shanghai reported seeing military aircraft flying low over neighboring Jiangsu this weekend amidrumors that the Chinesemilitary had sealed off the city.\nYves Billaud, a French journalist with La Tribune Internationale,was in the JiangsuProvince last week andspoke briefly with amolecular biologistwho works in the governmentlaboratorywhere theincident allegedlytook place.Billaud told the Associated Press that the scientist, who wished to remain anonymous for his safety, said there were many deaths linked to the escape and that the specimen caused significant damage to the workspace.\nBillaud said the scientist did not elaborate on specifics but implied the deaths were caused by the specimen rather than the Chinese army.\nIn April of this year, Chinese scientists at the Xiangya medical college announced they hadcloned at least thirty human embryos using harvested stem cells from cloned eggsobtainedthrough a fertility clinic. Many in the scientific community have questioned the ethics of cloning human beings, arguing that doing so violates our moral principles.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Chinese government denied allegations today that a cloned 'human' escaped a government medical testing facility in the Jiangsu Province late last week."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-01T14:55:55+00:00", "title": "CERN Says Earth Entering New Ice Age", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/cern-says-earth-entering-new-ice-age/", "text": "SWITZERLAND  Physicists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research, or CERN, announced a series of breakthroughs in scientific research today that point to an emergence of a new ice age which could potentially threaten life on earth as we know it. CERN, which is located in an underground facility along the Franco-Swiss border, is best known for the Large Hadron Collider, a 27 kilometer ring of superconducting magnets located 100 meters underground, making it the largest particle accelerator in the world.\nScientists launched the Large Hadron Collider in 2008 with a series of experiments conducted by smashing accelerated particles together, including the discovery of a particle similar in nature to that of the theoretical Higgs boson, and a successful attempt to recreate the conditions following the Big Bang to within a billionth of a second. Beginning in 2013, under the direction of world renowned physicist, Dr. Geppetto Bosconovitch, scientists began experiments intended to predict the rate at which climate change will impact the planet. Weve been able to recreate the conditions and environment of our own planet, using data from probability models, predictive analytics, and other resources. The results have been truly astounding, says Dr. Bosconovitch.\nScientific opinion on climate change has overwhelmingly supported the theory that Earth is becoming increasingly warmer, however new data suggests otherwise. The Earth only appears to be getting warmer, says Dr. Bosconovitch. Due to a natural shift in the earths gravitational pull, were seeing warmer climates in the northern and southernmost hemisphere, causing the rapid depletion of our polar ice caps. Meanwhile closer to the equator temperatures are dropping and because of that were seeing longer and colder winters, coupled with extreme weather, particularly in regions of the globe previously thought to be immune to such climates.\nThe most recent Ice Age began approximately three million years ago and continues to this day, however the earth entered a warm inter-glacial period beginning about eleven thousand years ago, which CERN says is about to end. Human civilization has only existed for about ten thousand years, Dr Bosconovitch says. Thats a pin drop in terms of our planet, which has been around for 4.54 billion years. In that time the earths climate has fluctuated drastically in both directions, causing ice ages, floods, and extinctions on a scale we cant even fathom. Its all part of the natural cycle of life that makes up planet Earth. Our existence here has no real affect one way or another.\nDr. Bosconovitchs says regions closer to the equator, particularly in the United States and parts of Asia, could start seeing temperatures in the winter months as low as -75 degrees Fahrenheit within the next ten to fifteen years. This will have a significant impact on how we live. it will affect agriculture; certainly there will be mass food shortages. Travel will become increasingly difficult as temperatures continue to drop further and further below freezing. As a species we are being given very little time to adapt and evolve to the changing climate. We could likely see an extinction level event for most life on earth by the end of this century.\nParts of the Midwest and the eastern United States have seen record lows this winter with temperatures reaching well below freezing as far south as Florida. Meanwhile the city of Boston has become virtually incapacitated, having already received nearly a hundred inches of snow this year with no signs of a break in sight.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Physicists at CERN announced a series of breakthroughs in scientific research today that point to an emergence of a new ice age."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-26T10:49:40+00:00", "title": "Mercury Retrograde Blamed for Recent Drone Malfunctions", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/pentagon-blames-recent-drone-malfunctions-on-mercury-retrograde/", "text": "ARLINGTON, Va.  The Department Of Defense is blaming a series of recent drone malfunctions on Mercury Retrograde, an astrological anomaly occurring several times a year when the speed at which the planet Mercury rotates on its axis drastically decreases. The phenomenon has been known to affect, among other things, communication, the gender of newborns, and travel.\nAdmittedly we did not anticipate Mercury Retrograde having such an impact on drone aircraft, said Major General Thomas Sheffield who oversees U.S. Air Force drone operations in the Arabian Peninsula. On May 19th, the Taliban claimed responsibility for a car bombing that killed four people in Kabul, Afghanistan. It was later determined the explosion was caused by an errant Predator drone that had locked onto the vehicle and launched a missile after its targeting controls malfunctioned due to interference caused by Mercury Retrograde.\nOn May 20th, the Air Force lost contact with three armed drones launched from Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany. Initially, it was believed the drones, destined for an undisclosed location in Eastern Africa, had crashed. However, several hours later Frances Ministry of Defence radar systems caught three low-flying unidentified aircraft over Paris. Military jets were scrambled to intercept the aircraft, which turned out to be the missing American drones. An international incident was avoided, when at the last second, U.S. Air Force operators were able to regain control of the armed drones and guide them out of French airspace.\nThe Gemini cycle of Mercury Retrograde began on May 19th and will end June 11th, but despite the dangers it poses, the Department of Defense says it has no plans to halt drone operations. These are trying times we live in, Major General Sheffield said, adding, Mercurys effect on our lives is far more prominent than many of us realize. This is not a time for fear or worry but a wonderful opportunity for self-reflection.\nThe final Mercury Retrograde of 2015 is set to begin on September 17th and concludes October 9th. The DoD is currently working with drone manufacturers to figure out a way to refit its fleet of unmanned aircraft to withstand Mercurys effects in time for the next cycle.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Department Of Defense is blaming a series of recent drone malfunctions on an astrological anomaly known as Mercury Retrograde."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-23T11:52:13+00:00", "title": "President Obama Authorizes 6% Tax Increase to Fund NASA", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/president-obama-authorizes-permanent-6-tax-increase-to-fund-nasa-space-exploration/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.- President Obama signed an executive order today authorizing the Internal Revenue Service to permanently increase federal income taxes by 6%, whileallocating the entirety of the increased tax revenue to fund the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.\nFlanked by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Representative Steven Palazzo, Chairman of the House Committee on Space and Aeronautics, President Obama said, Since the birth of mankind, we, as humans, have been motivated by the desire to explore. This insatiable desire is not only one of curiosity, but of survival. With the full support of Congress, I have authorized our Internal Revenue Service to implement a permanent six-percent increase on the federal income tax. Every cent garnered through this increase will be allocated towards the survival andadvancement of the human race for generations to come.\nNASA currently collects about $17.64 billion a year in federal funding, but with the 6% increase, the space agency will receive around $180 billion annually. While this number may seem huge in the eyes of taxpayers, the average American typicallycontributes less than $10 ayeartowards NASA funding through income taxes.\nNeil deGrasseTyson, an Americanastrophysicist and cosmologist, told CNNs Anderson Cooper he supports the tax increase but said its insufficient. The Apollo mission alone cost $20 billion, which today, if you consider inflation, would amount to around $109 billion. So if we, as a species, expect to make any significant progress in space exploration beyond our immediate solar system, $180 billion is not enough. Its a good start, but its not enough.\nNASAs present budget accounts for less than 1% of the annual United States federal budget. Compared to the Department of Defense, which receivesnearly 20% of the budget on an annual basis, NASA and space exploration as a whole dont appear to be a top priority for American politicians and voters alike, said Tyson. In a perfect world, wed be spending more on space exploration and significantly less on finding new ways to kill each other. But for now, the human race has some serious maturing to do if we hope to reach that point.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama signed an executive order authorizing the IRS to increase taxes by 6%, allocating the entirety of the increased tax revenue to fund NASA."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-04T22:54:57+00:00", "title": "Opinion: Vaccines - Just How Dangerous Are They?", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/vaccines-just-how-dangerous-are-they/", "text": "A recent study by the National Institute of Health boasts a 99.9% annual decrease in the spread of measles thanks, in part, to vaccinations. With a percentage like that its hard to imagine why so many parents, the vast majority of whom are well educated, are hesitant about having their children receive these immunizations.\nIn 2010 the Centers for Disease control declared that widespread use of vaccines [has] eliminated or nearly eliminated most infectious diseases within the United States. But the CDC and NIH fail to adequately address growing concerns over potentially dangerous and life altering side effects associated with vaccines; perhaps the most prominent, or news-worthy side effect, being autism.\nDuring a recent panel on the causes of autism hosted by the National Autism Association in Atlanta, GA, Dr. Robert Otnik, who holds a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from Harvard Medical School, spoke before a crowded audience, saying, in nearly forty years of studying autism and its causes, while working alongside some of the most prestigious names in medicine, I have not been presented with anything that suggests there is a correlation between vaccinations and autism. But, he added,I have not seen anything that proves there isnt, either.\nFor some this may come as an unsettling admission, especially from such a renowned and accomplished neuroscientist as Dr. Otnik. However, as frightening a disease as autism is, it is just one of many potentially dangerous and life threatening side effects associated with vaccinations. Even on the American Medical Association-sanctioned site WebMD, using the proper search parameters, one can pull up a host of potential side effects which include seizures, allergies, Sudden Infant Death syndrome, cancer, AIDS, and worst of all, death.\nThen there are the unintended side effects, the ones you dont hear about on the news. Seemingly unrelated in nature but when studied under the right light, they form a clear picture of perhaps the biggest threat to the safety and well-being of our youngest generation since the introduction of the Affordable Care Act in 2010.\nAccording to a study conducted by the Department of Transportation, the vast majority of fatal car accidents occur within five miles of the home. This brings us to the tragic death of Claire Redfield and her two children, Leah, age 6, and Chris, age 11, who were killed when a tanker truck failed to stop at a red light and collided with their minivan, killing them instantly. Ms. Redfield, a single mother, had been on her way to the family pediatrician for a scheduled appointment in which the children were to receive vaccinations which would allow them to attend public school. The family practice was located just three miles from the Redfield residence.\nIn 2012 the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration reported a total of 33,561 motor vehicle related deaths. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 36% of those fatalities occurred when the deceased were traveling to or from medical centers where they were to receive doctor-administered vaccinations.\nBut young children and adolescents arent the only victims of these unintended, yet preventable, vaccine-related side effects. In 2013, the U.S. Department of State issued an internal briefing, which has since been released to the public on the whistle-blower website Wikileaks.org, that stated individuals traveling to conflict zones who have previously received vaccinations for malaria are four times more likely to be abducted by groups hostile to the U.S. and its interests. As of this writing the Department of State has ignored multiple requests for comment.\nPerhaps the most terrifying aspect surrounding the vaccination controversy is the U.S. governments seeming unwillingness to provide the public with the truth about the dangers of vaccinations. Even leading medical organizations, many of whom receive funding from the federal government, are silent on the subject, leaving many Americans skeptical. Why does our government continue to sanction a seemingly endless supply of vaccines? Some, like the NIH, say its to prevent the spread of disease. Others speculate mass distribution of RFID chips. But do we really know what these so-called immunization shots contain? The frightening fact of the matter is we may never know.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A recent study by the National Institute of Health boasts a \"99.9% annual decrease in the spread of measles\" thanks, in part, to vaccines."}

{"published_time": "2015-09-02T19:53:29+00:00", "title": "Autonomous Military Robot Malfunctions During Testing, 1,242 Dead", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/autonomous-military-robot-malfunctions-during-testing-killing-1242/", "text": "ROSCOE, Tx.  A small town was partially destroyed and more than twelve hundred people were killed Wednesday afternoon when a heavily armored autonomous military robot experienced a hardware malfunction during a live fire demonstration in Roscoe, Texas.\nThe robot, appropriately named the M-23 Eviscerator, was a prototype developed by Consolidated Robotics, a Haliburton-owneddefense contractor and was scheduled to undergo a series of endurance tests at a training facility near Fort Worth where the defense company is located. The Evisceratoris an autonomous ground-based mobile anti-infantry and aircraft weapons system, Doug Feller, a spokesman for the company, told attendees prior to the demonstration. Using an advanced targeting algorithm, The Eviserator is able to independently identify and track up to two hundred and fifty targets at a time and, as youll see in a few moments, eliminate them in just under forty seconds.\nFeller, a 37 year-old former Army Ranger, was among the first to be killed when he was struck by a 30 mm anti-tank round after the two-story tall robots targeting systems apparently malfunctioned, leaving it unable to differentiate between hostile and friendly forces. One survivor, who asked to remain anonymous, told Fox 4 News that, shortly after the demonstration began, the robot began firing indiscriminately with terribly accurate precision.\nWhen Consolidated Robotics technicians were unable to regain control of the rogue military robot, a tactical response team from the Fort Worth Police Department was dispatched to the scene. Our officers arrived on the grounds at approximately 12:45 P.M. and were immediately incapacitated, Captain Jonathon Carlson told reporters during a press conference. We lost eighty-one people. In addition to three Fort Worth Police Department armored personnel carriers, two helicopters on loan from the Texas National Guard were shot down and destroyed by the robot.\nAuthorities say the autonomous M-23 Eviscerator departed the testing grounds just before 1 P.M., leaving a path of destruction and death in its wake as it crossed into the city of Roscoe, Texas. Fort Worth and Nolan County police tried unsuccessfully to evacuate the towns 1,312 residents before the robot could cause further damage.\nAt 1:21 P.M., the U.S. Navy, having received authorization from the Pentagon to carry out an air strike against the robot, dispatched two F-22 Raptor Joint Strike Fighters from Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base in Fort Worth. Thirteen minutes later, the M-23 Eviscerator was, itself, eviscerated, along with about six buildings on 2nd and Oak Street in downtown Roscoe when fighter jets dropped two 500 pound bunker-buster bombs on it.\nIn a statement released by Consolidated Robotics this evening, the company said it plans to sue the U.S. Navy for $53 billion to cover the loss of the prototype.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "More than twelve hundred people were killed Wednesday afternoon when a heavily armored autonomous military robot experienced hardware malfunctions."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-03T12:22:29+00:00", "title": "Monsanto Purchases School District in Michigan for $65 Million", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/gmo-giant-monsanto-purchases-school-district-in-michigan-for-65-million/", "text": "KALAMAZOO, Mi.  The sustainable agricultural and agrochemical company Monsanto has purchased a public school district in Kalamazoo, Michigan, for $65.7 million, a spokesperson for the company announced during a press conference at Monsantos corporate headquarters in St. Louis this week.\nDr. Hanz-Friedrich Goebbels, an Austrian-born biochemist and former warden at a high-security psychiatric facility in eastern Germany, has been appointed by Monsanto to serve as the Kalamazoo school districts superintendent. Dr. Goebbels spoke to reporters inside the gymnasium at Woods Lake Elementary School Thursday afternoon, saying, The pupils shall continue their studies as planned. I expect everything will run smoothly and efficiently.\nDr. Goebbels said children and parents alike will notice no change at all in regards to the Kalamazoo districts curriculum and administrative operations. I will continue to employ the present instructors as to not distract the pupils from their studies, Dr. Goebbels explained, adding that Monsanto employees will replace the existing cafeteria staff at all twenty-six schools in the Kalamazoo district.\nIn addition, Monsanto plans to launch what it calls a Comprehensive Revitalization of Food Consumption in the Academic Setting. Coined by Dr. Goebbels, the program is a two-phase initiative that begins with the immediate liquidation of all consumables deemed undesirable by Monsanto from the school districts cafeterias. Such filth is not fit for consumption by even the most vile of earths creatures, Dr. Goebbels said as he spat on the floor in disgust during a tour of Woods Lake Elementary Schools cafeteria.\nThe second phase of Monsantos cafeteria overhaul will begin with the roll-out of a reinvigorated breakfast and lunch menu that seeks to further optimize student productivity. Consisting entirely of Monsanto-produced foods, the new menu will become available to Kalamazoo students on April 11th following the conclusion of the 2016 Spring Break.\nMonsanto has seemingly gone out of its way to ensure that students are exposed to higher standard of eating as it presents a variety nutritious meal options. The company has even gone as far as rerouting each schools water supply so that students and faculty alike are able to enjoy the nutrient-rich waters from Monsantos privately owned reservoir rather than from the city of Kalamazoo.\nAccording to an updated edition of the Kalamazoo Public School System Student Handbook provided to members of the press by Dr. Goebbels, students are forbidden from bringing outside food onto school property. Students who are found to be in violation of this rule will face harsh disciplinary measures, Dr. Goebbels warned. They will become ostracized by their peers and banished from their respective social circles.\nHowever, Dr. Goebbels stressed the importance of a well-structured learning environment. The pupils require the strictest of regimens if they are to succeed, the doctor said, adding that Monsanto will provide all meals, textbooks, and school supplies to students free of charge. The only requirement being that all pupils are to submit to a monthly blood test, said Dr. Frauline Braun, whom Goebbels has appointed to oversee the Kalamazoo districts student health services.\nMrs. Braun, a German Argentine with an extensive background in agricultural engineering, will also teach an AP level history course in the fall of 2016 titled How Traditional Farming Contributed to the Collapse of the Roman Empire.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "he sustainable agricultural and agrochemical company Monsanto has purchased a public school district in Kalamazoo, Michigan, for $65.7 million."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-18T08:51:41+00:00", "title": "Apple CEO to Attend Reeducation Seminar Following Court Rulling", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/apple-ceo-voluntarily-attend-reeducation-seminar-following-court-ruling/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Apple CEO Tim Cook has volunteered to attend a three-week reeducation seminar at an undisclosed location where he will learn -among other things- what it means to be an American, announced John Smith, a CIA officer acting as a liaison to the FBI, during a press briefing in Washington on Wednesday.\nThe specific course that Mr. Cook has -on his own accord- asked to attend, focuses on American values and sacrifice, particularly when it comes to freedom and liberty, John Smith explained. The Apple CEO was not readily available to comment on the matter but the CIAs liaison officer said Mr. Cook had personally asked him to convey to Apple users and the general public that everything is okay.\nTim Cooks decision to attend the CIA-taught course on American history comes on the heels of a court orderdirecting Apple to unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters for the FBI. Mr. Cook, who, according to the FBI, is prone to bouts of self-doubt, initially refusedto obey the court order. However, John Smith assured reporters Wednesday evening that the Apple CEO will reverse his decision in a public apology which he plans to issue after his successful completion of the seminar.\nMeanwhile, Hillary Cumberdale, executive assistant to Mr. Cook at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California, toldThe Los Angeles Timesthat armed agents wearing ski masks stormed the Apple complex early Wednesday and forcibly removed Mr. Cook from the premises. The agents then threw the Apple CEO into the back of an unmarked van and drove off.\nThat did not happen, said John Smith when asked to comment on the alleged incident. The CIA liaison added that Mr. Cooks assistant suffers from auditory and visual hallucinations stemming from a head trauma she incurred during a DUI-related car accident in 2009.\nFollowing an unsuccessful attempt by Real News Right Now to reach the twenty-eight year-old Ms. Cumberdale for comment, a relative of the California native said she had voluntarily checked herself into a psychiatric facility.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - Apple CEO Tim Cook has volunteered to attend a three-week 'reeducation seminar' at an undisclosed location..."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-16T11:21:17+00:00", "title": "Canada, U.S. Announce Joint Initiative to Combat Global Warming", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/canada-u-s-announce-joint-initiative-to-combat-global-warming/", "text": "OTTAWA, On.  Following the first visit to the United States by a Canadian head of state in nearly twenty years, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that, as part of a Canadian-American initiative to combat global warming, the two countries will begin sending a sizable portion of their waste to the moon.\nSpeaking from the Prime Ministers Office at Langevin Block in Ottawa, PM Trudeau reaffirmed Canadas commitment to fight global warming and said that after meeting with U.S. president Barack Obama, the two nations have entered into a cooperative agreement aimed at significantly reducing methane emissions produced by waste disposal.\nBeginning in June, Canadas space agency will embark on an operation, in conjunction with its American counterparts, to send more than 200 million tons of waste to the moon each year until 2045. Unlike earth, the moon isnt covered by an ozone layer, Prime Minister Trudeau explained. Theres nothing to deplete or damage. Its an ideal environment for waste disposal.\nFurther, the prime minister said that by dispatching the countries collective waste to the moon, Canada and the U.S. will effectively cut their annual methane emissions by as much as 81%.\nThis will be a fairly ingenious scheme if they can pull it off, mused Fabiola Gionatti, Director-General of the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN). Director Gionatti, an Italian particle physicist, told CBC Newsthat astronauts will have to take great care to ensure the garbage is evenly dispersed across the moons surface. Otherwise there is a risk the moon will become unbalanced, Gionatti warned. If this happens it will most certainly divert from orbit and crash into the earth.\nHowever, Prime Minister Trudeau is confident that wont happen. We have some of the best minds in North America working on this, he said. And, in the unlikely event something does go wrong, the prime minster said the United States is prepared to deploy high-yield nuclear weapons to deflect the moons trajectory away from the earth.\nCanada is scheduled to send its first payload of garbage to the moon on June 6th from its launch site at Fort Churchill in Manitoba.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "OTTAWA, On. \u2013 Following the first visit to the United States by a Canadian head of state in nearly twenty years, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that, as part of a Canadian-American initiative to combat global warming, the two countries will begin sending a sizable portion of their waste to the moon. Speaking from \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-04-14T11:21:04+00:00", "title": "Zuckerberg: America Will Elect Its Next President via Facebook", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/mark-zuckerberg-america-will-elect-its-next-president-via-facebook/", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO, Ca.  While speaking at the F8 developers conference in San Francisco this week, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg unveiled a groundbreaking addition to the popular social media platform that many in the tech industry believe has the potential to revolutionize the American electoral process.\nWere doing something thats never been done before, Zuckerberg declared. By allowing Americans to utilize Facebook to cast their vote in the upcoming presidential election from anywhere in the world using their desktop or mobile devices, were eliminating the conditions for which voter suppression can be implemented.\nIn the days leading up to the presidential election, Facebook users will be able to log into their accounts and find the profiles of each candidate prominently displayed at the top of their News Feed. Users can then cast their vote by Liking their desired candidates profile, Zuckerberg explained before adding, Its that simple.\nKathryn Blair, a senior official with the U.S. Election Assistance Commission  the federal agency which oversees state and national elections  said that Facebooks revolutionary new voting platform is projected to become a national standard by 2020. We aim to completely phase out the old-style paper ballots by 2018, Blair told CNNs Wolf Blitzer. In a very short time, all elections in the United States will be decided through Facebook. Ms. Blair later said the EAC is working with Facebook to reduce voter fraud by identifying and eliminating duplicate or otherwise fake accounts.\nAccording to Zuckerberg, the upcoming U.S. presidential election is only the beginning for Facebooks innovative voting platform. In the not too distant future, Facebook will determine the outcome of elections all around the world. From the United Kingdom to Pakistan; to Ukraine, the Philippines and Israel, vowed Zuckerberg. Wherever democracy thrives, Facebook will be there.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Many in the tech industry believe Zuckerberg's latest project has the potential to revolutionize the American electoral process."}
{"published_time": "2016-05-19T09:13:20+00:00", "title": "U.S. Forest Service to Replace Ailing C-130 With Modified F-35", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/05/u-s-forest-service-to-replace-ailing-c-130-fire-suppression-aircraft-with-modified-f-35/", "text": "WASHINGTON D.C.  Firefighters and emergency crews will have a new tool at their disposal in the seemingly never-ending battle against forest and wildfires that frequently plague parts of the western and central United States.On Thursday, the U.S. Forest Service announced it will retire the MAFFS II, a modular platform designed for use with the C-130 Hercules military transport aircraft, and replace it with a more advanced MAFFS III platform built specifically for Lockheed Martins F-35C Joint Strike Fighter.\nShort for Modular Airborne FireFighting System, the highly condensed MAFFS III platform replaces the F-35s existing internal and external weapons carriage allowing the aircraft to carry up to 10,000 gallons of water or flame retardant liquid. Essentially what weve done is create a rapid-response aircraft capable of blanketing a wide-ranging area in a very short amount of time, explained David Nguyen, senior project manager for Lockheeds MAFFS III program.\nIn addition to its fire-retardant dispersal system, which can distribute approximately 2,700 gallons in about five seconds, the MAFFS III platform is able to deploy up to one hundred and twenty air-burst capsules  similar in design to cluster munitions  that can carpet a specific area, such as a building or house, with flame retardant liquid.\nThree F-35s equipped with the MAFFS III platform can very easily cover at least twice the area as a C-130 in less than a quarter of the time, Nguyen said, adding that combined production costs for each jet outfitted with the new system amount to just under $174 million.\nWhen compared with the grave threat wildfires pose to millions of hardworking Americans and their families, taxpayers should find the cost of these lifesaving aircraft quite reasonable, Senator Cory Gardner (R-Co) told The Washington Post.Senator Gardner was among those in congress who voted on Wednesday to approve funding for the production of 631 state-of-the-art F-35C Joint Strike Fighters configured with the new MAFFS III platform at an estimated cost to taxpayers of $110 billion.\nAround eighty of the new aircraft will be sent to Air National Guard and Reserve Air Force bases throughout the United States to be used in conjunction with the U.S. Forest Service. However, according to Senator Gardner, the vast majority of the next-generation F-35s are to be shipped to select countries including Columbia, Brazil, Morocco, and Thailand, where they are set to replace the inferior MAFFS II platforms currently in use by the ally nations.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Firefighters will have a new tool at their disposal in the seemingly never-ending battle against wildfires that frequent parts of the United States."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-09T10:52:06+00:00", "title": "Apple Announces Plans to Open 250 App Stores in North America", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/apple-announces-plans-open-250-app-stores-north-america/", "text": "CUPERTINO, Ca.  Speaking to investors at Apple headquarters in northern California this week, CEO Tim Cook unveiled plans to launch a new chain of retail locations throughout the United States and Canada this fall. Cook said the App Store, which is based on the concept of Apples existing digital distribution platform by the same name, will revolutionize the way people download Apps.\nWhat were doing is building and fortifying relationships within the Apple community, Cook explained. By providing users with the unique ability to interact with our staff on a personal level, were enhancing the Apple experience and strengthening our already-loyal customer base.\nBeginning October 1, 2016, Apple users will be able to walk into any App Store and browse Apples immense library of free and paid Apps. Youll have the ability to meet and consult one on one with our highly knowledgeable and enthusiastic App Specialists before selecting the App that best suits your needs, Cook said. Or, if you already know what you want, simply schedule an appointment at the Download Dock  the App Store equivalent to the Genius Bar  and a specialist will assist you with installing or updating an App.\nIn the days leading up to the App Stores grand opening, Apple is set to release an iOS update that will completely eliminate the App Store icon and digital distribution platform from all Apple devices. The new update will affect all fourth generation Apple TV, iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch devices, Cook said.\nApples revolutionary new App Store is scheduled to open nationwide on October 1st. However, in a press briefing published Thursday on its official website, Apple announced that a handful of stores will open a month early in select cities including Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Los Angeles, California; and Tysons Corner, Virginia.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Cook said the App Store, based on Apple's existing digital distribution platform by the same name, will revolutionize the way people download apps."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-03T09:59:25+00:00", "title": "Israeli Company Says New Body Camera May Prevent Police Shootings", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/israeli-company-says-self-destructing-body-cameras-prevent-fatal-police-shootings/", "text": "TEL AVIV, Il.  A major supplier of weapons and equipment for the Israeli Defense Forces is offering a possible solution to curb fatal shootings committed by police officers in the United States. The Righteous Observer is a lightweight low-profile waterproof tactical body camera capable of recording audio and video at up to 4K resolution, Avraham Katzman, founder and CEO of Gabriel Solutions, told The Guardian.\nWhat sets the Righteous Observer apart from other high-end body cameras on the market today is that it is essentially impossible to turn off. What weve done is embed about thirty grams of an explosive known as RDX into the frame of the camera, Katzman explained. If the device is out of range of its receiver and is either switched off or removed, the result is immediate detonation.\nDespite containing near trace amounts of explosive material, field tests conducted by Israeli forces in the West Bank and Gaza Strip show that when detonated, the Righteous Observer packs enough explosive force to punch a softball-sized hole through a concrete wall. With the Righteous Observer, not only do you see a rapid decrease in misconduct within your ranks but at the same time, you have a significant increase in accountability, Katzman said.\nEsther Alperstein, Director of Public Relations for Gabriel Solutions, toldReal News Right Now that in 2015, the company provided the Palestine Red Crescent Society  a humanitarian organization that delivers emergency medicine and ambulance services to the Gaza Strip  with over two hundred Righteous Observer body cameras at no charge. Its our way of giving back to the community, said Alperstein, adding that since then, the cameras success rate has topped out at nearly one hundred percent.\nThe Righteous Observer has yet to make landfall in the United States but a number of police departments including Baton Rouge and Bakersfield, California, have already contacted Gabriel Solutions to express an interest in the cameras.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A major supplier of weapons and equipment for the Israeli Defense Forces is offering a possible solution to curb fatal shootings committed by police..."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-17T09:21:04+00:00", "title": "Louisiana to Host First Prison Staffed Entirely by Robots", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/louisiana-penitentiary-to-become-worlds-first-prison-staffed-entirely-by-robots/", "text": "ANGOLA, La.  Inmates at the largest penitentiary in the United States are about to get a taste of what life in prison might be like one hundred years from now. Thanks to a Japanese robotics firm by the name of Evangelion Systems, the Angola maximum security penitentiary in eastern Louisiana will be the first prison on earth staffed entirely by robots.\nSpeaking at a press conference at the firms headquarters in Tokyo on Wednesday, Doctor Hanzo Hasashi, founder and CEO of Evangelion Systems, announced the historical signing of a century-long contract with the Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections and unveiled his vision for the future of mass incarceration. At its inception, the Angola penitentiary was designed under the theory that it could operate independently as a self-sufficient facility, Dr. Hasashi said. We intend to make that theory a reality.\nHasashis vision for Angola will become a reality in just under a year when the Louisiana Department of Corrections hands over operational command of the prison to Evangelion Systems. Once weve assumed control, well begin the process of laying off the existing staff and bringing in the PCUs, said Yuki Kobayashi, the lead coordinator for Evangelion Systems Angola Project. PCUs are Prisoner Control Units, Kobayashi explained, continuing, What weve done is weve taken the L-85 Autonomous Infantry Weapon and reconfigured its battle parameters to allow it to respond to threats in a non-lethal manner.\nAccording to a logistics report provided toReal News Right Nowby Evangelion Systems, the company intends to deploy sixty-five Prisoner Control Units; one for every one hundred inmates at Angola. These machines are masters of efficiency, boasted Doctor Hasashi. A single unit has the ability to outperform humans on nearly every conceivable level. The doctor pointed out that while prison officials are often susceptible to bribery and other forms of dishonest conduct, autonomous robots have no concept of right and wrong and are therefore impervious to corruption.\nIn all, Evangelion Systems plans to install no more than two hundred autonomous robotic systems at the Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola. The vast majority of these robots are programmed to perform maintenance tasks and other supplementary functions such as meal preparation and medical services, explained Yuki Kobayashi. The transition is expected to take no more than two weeks to complete and could save Louisiana taxpayers an estimated $100 million in the first year alone.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "ANGOLA, La. - Inmates at the largest penitentiary in the U.S. are about to get a taste of what life in prison might be like one hundred years from now."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-22T13:36:51+00:00", "title": "Trump Announces Plan to Federalize American Police Departments", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/trump-announces-plan-federalize-american-police-departments/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Less than twenty-four hours after accepting his partys nomination and delivering the longest acceptance speech in nearly four decades, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump unveiled his plan to restore law and order in America, which he bleakly described as being under siege by illegal immigrants, the Islamic State, and race-related violence.\nWere going to put an end to that, Trump said duringa post-convention interview with The New York Times. Were going to federalizeevery police department in this country. Were going to eliminate the red tape and its going to give police the ability to do their jobs effectively and, believe me, this is something thats going to happen within my first one hundred days in office.\nUnder Trumps plan, city and state police departments would fall under the umbrella of the Department of Homeland Security and would therefore be granted broad authorities to enforce the law. Theyre going to receive the best weapons, training, and resources this country has to offer, Trump promised. Were going to put an end to jurisdictional restrictions and increase police capabilities in terms of surveillance and the use of deadly force. Not only that, were going to eliminate this so-called standard for probable cause; its very limiting and, frankly, outdated. Our police forces are going to have much more freedom in terms of who they can arrest and why.\nTrump compared his proposal for a federalized police force to similar operations in countries like Brazil and Mexico where armor-clad federal police are able to travel freely between cities and counties and have the support of military-grade vehicles and weaponry. Its going to be very similar to what you see in Rio de Janeiro where they have a very serious gang problem, Trump explained. You look at Chicago where they have dozens of people being killed every week. Well, I will tell you, were going to get very tough in Chicago and in places like that. Were going to  in my first hundred days  were going to send several thousand police into that city and clean it up like you wouldnt believe and, you know what, people will be very happy.\nIn a highly anticipated acceptance speech delivered on the final night of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, on Thursday, Donald Trump spoke of a nation in crisis, plagued by the looming threat of terrorism and domestic crime, and vowed, as president, to restore law and order.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Less than twenty-four hours after accepting his party's nomination and delivering the longest acceptance speech in nearly four decades, Republican..."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-05T09:52:26+00:00", "title": "Source: Trump to Release 1968 Tax Returns as Early as 'Next Week'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/source-trump-release-1968-tax-returns-early-next-week/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Republican presidential candidate and former reality TV star Donald J. Trump could release his federal income tax returns from 1968 as early as next week, a source within the Trump campaign confirmed toThe New York Timeson Monday.\nUnlike his opponent, Trump means to be as forthcoming and transparent as possible in regards to his financial history, the source toldThe Times. Trump is currently being audited by the Internal Revenue Service and has said he will not release his tax returns until the audit is complete. It is for this reason that Donald Trump has instead elected to release his returns from 1968, the source said before adding that Trump believes the forty-eight year-old tax documents will adequately reflect those of the average American taxpayer.\nTrump, who graduated from the Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania in May of 1968, was, by that time, already working in real estate at his fathers company. Public records show that when Trump inherited his fathers business just six years later in 1974, he was worth about $40 million. However, in 1968, the twenty-two year-old Trump was just an average run-of-the-mill entrepreneur with a net worth of $200,000.\nThis is the Donald Trump that voters are going to hear about when [these] returns are finally made public, Katrina Pierson, Trumps campaign spokesperson, told CNNs Victor Blackwell last week. This is a man who came from nothing; he achieved the American dream and, like a phoenix, he rose from the ashes of poverty and really made a name for himself.\nTrumps vice presidential running mate Mike Pence announced during a recent appearance on Meet the Press that he, too, intends to release his income tax returns. Ill release mine next week, he told Chuck Todd on Saturday. Meanwhile, Trumps opponent, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton, who made $10.6 million in 2015  and nearly $28 million the year before  paid just $3.24 million in federal income taxes last year.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Donald J. Trump could release his federal income tax returns from 1968 as early as next week, a source within the Trump campaign confirmed on Monday."}
{"published_time": "2016-08-04T12:37:30+00:00", "title": "CNN Reports Lowest Ratings on Record After Libertarian Town Hall", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/08/cnn-reports-lowest-ratings-record-following-libertarian-town-hall-event/", "text": "ATLANTA, Ga.  CNN, which hosted a Libertarian Town Hall Wednesday night, received the lowest ratings ever recorded by a major network during the forums live broadcast. A record-breaking one hundred and ninety-one people tuned in to Wednesday nights town hall, which was filmed in an unfinished sub-basement at CNN headquarters in Atlanta.\nThe forum, hosted by Anderson Cooper, featured a man by the name of Gary Johnson who was reportedly nominated by a small association, known only as the Libertarian Party,to serve as its presidential candidate in the general election. According to recently created Wikipedia page, Mr. Johnson once served as governor of New Mexico, a state which boasts the highest concentration of sand per square foot of any in the U.S.\nDuring the town hall meeting, Mr. Johnson and his alleged running mate Bill Weld  who does not have a Wikipedia page  pledged a less polarized political process in the highly improbable event they are elected in November. If either Trump or Clinton are elected, things will be more polarized than ever, Gary Johnson told a small audience made up of a number of individuals who appeared to have been liberated  as recently as Wednesday evening  from one of Atlantas many tent cities.\nAccording to a recent CNN/ORC poll, Johnson and Weld have amassed somewhere between 6% and 13% support nationally with an 8% margin of error. Further, a poll conducted during the town hall event showed that 3 in 10 audience members mistook Mr. Johnson for Anderson Cooper and more than half of those in attendance believed his running mate, Mr. Weld, was a CNN producer.\nCNN on Wednesday announced it will host yet another town hall event at 9 p.m. EST on August 17, this time for the pro-vegan Green Partys presumptive presidential nominee Jill Stein and her presumed running mate Ajamu Baraka. The event will be aired live from an undisclosed location.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CNN, which hosted a Libertarian Town Hall Wednesday night, received the lowest ratings ever recorded by a major network during the forum's live broadcast."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-06T09:39:48+00:00", "title": "Rep. Trey Gowdy Goes on Hunger Strike Over Clinton Email Scandal", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/rep-trey-gowdy-vows-continue-hunger-strike-clinton-brought-justice/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  According to a statement released by his office on Wednesday, U.S. representative Trey Gowdy (R-SC) has begun a self-imposed hunger strike which he vows to continue until presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is brought to justice over her handling of classified information on a personal email server she used during her time as Secretary of State.\nInvoking Mahatma Gandhi, who in 1932 went on hunger strike from his prison cell in Bombay to protest against British rule in India, Congressman Gowdy  who chairs the House Select Committee on Benghazi  said he bears a moral and ethical responsibility to the American people to see this matter through until whatever end may come.\nCongressman Gowdy is prepared to face the intense and potentially life threatening psychological and physical hurdles that lay ahead of him, Amanda Gonzalez, a spokesperson for Gowdys office said on Wednesday. Ms. Gonzalez confirmed that Congressman Gowdy had made the decision to swear off foodupon hearing the FBIs recommendation that no charges be filed against Mrs. Clinton. Until justice is served, Congressman Gowdys diet will consist of vitamins and purified water, Gonzalez said.\nA number of conservative leaders voiced feelings of support for the South Carolina representatives commitment to go on hunger strike. Congressman Trey Gowdys actions reflect a sense of honor and courage rarely seen in these trying times, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday. All too often  and particularly with this administration  we see politicians who appear to operate with total impunity.\nVermont senator and former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who spoke to C-SPAN early Wednesday morning, praised Gowdys decision to take part in non-violent resistance against the status quo. However, while Sanders called the hunger strike a meaningful act, he predicted it would accomplish very little. I hope Mr. Gowdy is aware of the potential outcome and that he has the intestinal fortitude required to make the ultimate sacrifice, Senator Sanders said.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "U.S. representative Trey Gowdy (R-SC) has begun a self-imposed hunger strike which he vows to continue until former secretary of state Hillary Clinton..."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-19T11:51:34+00:00", "title": "D.C. Govt to Absolve Clinton of $26,950 in Unpaid Parking Tickets", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/d-c-government-absolve-hillary-clinton-26950-unpaid-parking-tickets/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  At the request of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, the District of Columbia has agreed to waive nearly $27,000 worth of unpaid parking tickets and citations issued to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton during her time as Secretary of State.\nAccording to the D.C. Department of Public Works, which oversees parking enforcement in the nations capital, Clinton, who served under Obama as Secretary of State from 2009 until 2013, routinely parked illegally, often in front of fire hydrants or in spaces specifically designated for disabled veterans or handicapped individuals. Due to her position at the State Department, officials say Clintons vehicle  a fire engine red Porsche 911  was never towed, only ticketed.\nAfter a thorough investigation, we have determined that Mrs. Clinton is not liable for some one hundred seventy tickets and citations issued to her vehicle during her tenure at the Department of State, Chris Shorter, Acting Director of the D.C. Department of Public Works, said in a statement released on Tuesday.\nShorter said DPW officials lacked sufficient evidence to prove Mrs. Clinton, rather than her personal valet, had been the vehicles primary operator at the time. Regrettably, the parking control officer responsible for issuing citations in that particular area was killed in a hit-and-run in May of 2014 and was therefore unable to shed light on Clintons involvement, Cathy Piper, an attorney for the D.C. Department of Public Works, toldThe Washington Post.\nThe Department of State on Tuesday announced that it has launched its own investigation into the matter, focusing primarily on forty-four year-old Roger Harris who served as Clintons personal valet from 2008 until late 2012. Mr. Harris has a bit of a reputation as a bad driver, State Department spokesperson John Kirby told reporters. Kirby said officials were looking into Harris driving record. There could be repercussions, Kirby said, adding that as a youth, Mr. Harris received a substantial number of demerit points on his drivers licence.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "At the request of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, the District of Columbia has agreed to waive nearly $27,000 worth of unpaid parking tickets issued..."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-22T16:40:34+00:00", "title": "CIA: Benghazi Chairman Tried to Add Clinton to Kill List", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/cia-benghazi-chairman-tried-multiple-times-to-get-clinton-on-kill-list/", "text": "WASHINGTON,D.C.During a briefing before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence last week, CIA Director John Brennan said the Central Intelligence Agency has received repeated requests from the chairman of the Select Committee on Benghazi to add Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to the agencys secretive targeted kill list.\nAccording toThe Washington Post,Director Brennan testified that his office had received close to a dozen emails over a four-monthperiod from Representative Trey Gowdy (R-SC). DCI Brennan indicated to the Committee that over time, the tone of the emails became increasingly demanding.\nInitially Rep. Gowdy sent a request through official channels asking the CIA to add a set a GPS coordinates to the Disposition Matrix, a complexdatabase maintained by the governmentthatcreates aframework for tracking, capturing, and killing enemiesof the United States.\nIn atranscript of the email provided toCongress by Director Brennan, Rep. Gowdy states the GPS coordinatesbelong toa stand-alone structureharboring an individual who playeda key role in the Benghazi attacks.Upon further investigation, it was determined the coordinates represented the physical address of Mrs. Clintons personal residence in Chappaqua, New York, Brennan said.\nSubsequent emails sent from Mr. Gowdysofficerequested thatMrs. Clintons Arkansasresidence,herpersonal vehicles and, strangely,at least two neighboring residencesbe added to the kill list and labeled high priority targets. Director Brennan saidhe has since tagged all incoming mail from Rep. Gowdys office as spam.\nRepresentativeTrey Gowdy of South Carolinachairs the Select Committee on Benghazi which convened Thursday to question Hillary Clinton, who was Secretary of State during the attacks on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Representative Trey Gowdy of South Carolina chairs the Select Committee on Benghazi which convened Thursday to question Hillary Clinton."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-15T01:51:58+00:00", "title": "Trump: We're Going to Make it Illegal for Muslims to Own Guns", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/trump-going-make-crime-muslims-guns/", "text": "GREENSBORO, N.C.  Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump told supporters at the Special Events Center in Greensboro, North Carolina, on Tuesday that if elected, he will make it illegal for Muslim Americans living in the United States to purchase and possess firearms.\nLook, Im going to tell you, when Im elected were going to do things very differently, Trump declared. Were not going to have Muslims buying firearms in this country and Ill tell you why: they cant be trusted. The former reality TV star said Muslims currently living in the United States  including those who are U.S. citizens  need to be vetted to ensure they havent been radicalized in one form or another by the Islamic State.\nI dont care if theyve been living in this country for five years or for twenty-five years, Trump said, adding. And believe me, we know who they are. They may think we dont but we know exactly who they are. And this is very backwards but these people follow their religion very closely and I will tell you that getting their hands on an AK-47 is considered a rite of passage in Islam.\nTrump further expanded on his call to ban Muslims from migrating to the United States, saying that as president he would order Muslim American gun owners to turn their firearms over to the government or face immediate deportation or imprisonment. We cannot continue to allow these people, many of whom share the same savage beliefs as the Orlando killer, to get their hands on firearms.\nTrump later blasted President Obama for costing taxpayers billions of dollars by allowing what he called a tremendous flow of Syrian refugees into the country. Hes already let two hundred and fifty-thousand of these people and folks, we have no idea who they are  but hes let them into this country and now Hillary, who not only wants to confiscate guns, is now shes saying she wants to increase the number of refugees by five hundred and fifty percent.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump told supporters at the Special Events Center in Greensboro, North Carolina, on Tuesday that if elected..."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-23T09:43:08+00:00", "title": "Ted Cruz Pledges to Secure U.S. Border With Land Mines", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/ted-cruz-announces-presidential-bid-pledges-to-secure-u-s-border-with-land-mines/", "text": "LYNCHBURG, Va.  Republican Senator Ted Cruz announced his bid for the White House today in a speech delivered during a student convocation at Liberty University, the largest Christian university in the world, located in Lynchburg, Virginia. Senator Cruz spoke before a packed auditorium, saying he wants to reignite the promise of America.\nFollowing the first of many standing ovations, Mr. Cruz, who is a vocal opponent of Obamas immigration policies, told the evangelical audience that if he is elected President he will rebuild American immigration policy from the ground up. To start, the senator said he will immediately halt Obamas proposed plan to grant amnesty to the roughly 20 million undocumented aliens currently residing in the United States.\nBack in 2012 Senator Cruz said he would support deploying American troops along the U.S.-Mexican border, but today he laid out a new plan for border security, one that he says will significantly reduce the cost to American taxpayers. The first phase of the senators immigration strategy, following the liquidation of the amnesty program, is to mine the 1,989 mile long border between the U.S. and Mexico. Weve got over eleven million land mines sitting in storage, paid for by taxpayers like yourselves, Cruz told the audience, adding, Its time we put them to use.\nIn 1997 the United States signed the Convention on the Prohibition and Use, Stockpiling, Production, and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and On Their Destruction, otherwise known as the Mine Ban Treaty. However, the U.S. continues to maintain a stockpile of an estimated 11.3 million anti-personnel mines and has admitted to deploying a number of them along the DMZ that separates North and South Korea.\nSenator Cruz said the deployment of mines along the border would help free up manpower for other national security issues and also serve as a deterrent to those who might be planning to cross into the United States illegally. If we grant people citizenship who came here illegally, Cruz told supporters, were doing a disservice to others, people like my father, Rafael Bienvenido Cruz, who did the right thing by coming here legally.\nThe senators 74-year-old father, Rafael, immigrated to the United States from Cuba in 1957. Prior to a short stint in a Cuban prison, Rafael Cruz fought with Fidel Castros communist forces against the U.S.-backed Cuban government. According to Ted Cruz, his father was a guerilla, throwing Molotov Cocktails and blowing up buildings.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Republican Senator Ted Cruz announced his bid for the White House today at Liberty University, the largest Christian university in the world."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-06T07:40:48+00:00", "title": "ISIS Leadership Among Top GOP Campaign Contributors", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/isis-leadership-among-top-gop-campaign-contributors/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and othermembers of the Islamic States leadership council haveprovided more than five million dollars in campaign contributions to Republican presidential candidates this year, according to acampaign financereport released by the Republican National Committee last week.\nAccording to the report, more than half of the GOPs leading presidential contenders includingSenatorsTed Cruz and Rand Paul, have received upwards of one million dollars from the IslamicState.However, specificstandards set in place by the Federal Election Committee limit individual donors to amaximum contribution of $2,700 per year.In addition, the FEC strictly prohibits foreign nationals from making anysort of contributiontoward elections held in the United States.\nTo the delight of the RNC, the Islamic State has found a convenient loophole to bypass these restrictions. Using the same global financial networksalready in placemeant to providefunding to its variousterror operations, ISIS is able to funnelcash through a number of waypoints before it reachessympathetic Americans residing in the United States. Then, using funds provided by the Islamic State, individuals simply write a check for the maximum donation allowed, payable to a presidential candidates campaign.\nIts really an ingenious system, said James Arevalo, assistant campaign manager for SenatorTed Cruz. Obviouslythe senator doesnt see eye to eye with the Islamic State onsome issues, Arevalo told CNN, continuing, That said, we certainly share very similar beliefsand valueswith ISIS, particularly when it comes to womens rights and gun control. Arevalo added that candidates have a moralobligation to meet the uphold the values of supporters and donors alike.\nIn the wake of the nations most recent mass shooting that left fourteen people dead and another twenty-two injured in San Bernardino, California,the Republican party, at the request of the Islamic State and the National Rifle Association, once again blocked legislation that would enact stricter gun control policies in the United States.\nCurrently there are an estimated 700,000 people on the U.S. governments terror watch list with several thousand residing in the United States. Legislation proposed by Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein would have prevented terror suspects, felons, and individuals with a history of mental illness from purchasing firearms.\nHouse Speaker Paul Ryan, who opposed the legislation, told CBS This Morning thatthe act ofblockingsuspected terroristsandconvictedfelonsfromlegally obtaining firearms would infringe uponthe rights of law-abiding citizens.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and other\u00a0members of the Islamic State\u2019s leadership council have\u00a0provided more than five million dollars in campaign contributions to Republican presidential candidates this year, according to a\u00a0campaign finance\u00a0report released by the Republican National Committee last week. According to the report, more than half of the GOP\u2019s leading presidential contenders including\u00a0Senators\u00a0Ted \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-02-13T09:21:08+00:00", "title": "Obama's Bathroom Breaks Cost Taxpayers $4.1 Billion in 2015", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/special-report-obamas-bathroom-breaks-cost-taxpayers-4-1-billion-in-2015/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  According to a new report scheduled for public release this weekby the Government Accountability Office, President Obamas bathroom breaks may have cost U.S. taxpayers just over $4 billion in 2015. Data provided to the GAO by the Obama administration shows that on average, President Barack Obama took 3.5 bathroom breaks a day last year, with each trip to the toilet lasting four minutes or less.\nBy the GAOs estimate, the commander-in-chief spent just over eighty-five hours in the bathroom in 2015 alone. The question on everyones mind when they look at a report like this is, What exactly is he doing in there?' Wondered Republican senator John McCain. The former POW admitted toC-SPAN that he goes to the bathroom about once a day on a good day.\nEven so, the Arizona senator cited a particularly disturbing quote from the report stating that on October 23rd, the day former secretary of state Hillary Clinton was scheduled to testify before the House Select Committee on Benghazi, President Obama took a record-breaking twenty-one minute bathroom break. I think its very telling, Senator McCain said.\nThe average adult male uses the restroom anywhere from three times a day to once every three days, said Dr. Deepak Gupta, a senior scatologist at Johns Hopkins Medical Center in Baltimore. Ideally we see about one ounce of stool per every twelve pounds of body weight, Dr. Gupta explained, continuing, With that said, President Obama -who weighs about one hundred eighty pounds, should produce about fifteen ounces of solid fecal matter per bowel movement.\nHowever, Dr. Gupta pointed out that due to unusually high levels of stress associated with the job of running the country, President Obama likely produces well below average stools. In all probability, the guy is a stool softener addict, Dr. Gupta toldReal News Right Now.\nDespite President Obamas low performance rating in the bathroom, the GAO estimates he still uses an above-average amount of toilet paper and -if hes a courtesy flusher, as White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest once hinted, he uses at least twice as much water per visit to the mens room as the average American. This, coupled with the obvious breaks in productivity, has cost taxpayers a whopping $4.1 billion.\nThis is simply unacceptable, Florida senator and GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio told Real News Right Now. This is the kind of imprudent overzealous spending that I intend to do away with. Senator Rubio said he and other Republican congressmen -in an effort to save taxpayers a buck or two, often wear adult diapers while on Capitol Hill. Its uncomfortable but from a moral standpoint, its the right thing to do. We as elected officials owe that much to our constituents.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "According to a new report by the Government Accountability Office, President Obama's bathroom breaks cost U.S. taxpayers just over $4 billion in 2015."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-29T11:09:46+00:00", "title": "Trump to Appoint Former Blackwater Exec to Command Deportation Force - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/trump-to-appoint-former-blackwater-exec-to-head-deportation-force/", "text": "JANESVILLE, Wi.  GOP presidential front-runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump announced on Tuesday that if elected in November, he intends to appoint his top foreign policy adviser, Joseph Schmitz, to head his soon-to-be-created national deportation force. Josephs an amazing guy, okay? Trump told supporters during a campaign stop in Wisconsin Tuesday. Hes going to help make America great again.\nA former executive with the now-defunct private security firm Blackwater Worldwide, the fifty-nine year-old navy veteran has an extensive background in military operations. This isa guy who knows how to identify and neutralize the bad guys, Trump declared. Whether theyre illegals or Muslims, theres no doubt in my mind hes the guy wholl find em and deal with em.\nFollowing an extended standing ovation, Trump laid out the specifics for his plan to establish a national deportation force at the start of his presidency. Were going to be huge, ladies and gentlemen, Trump promised. This force is going to be huge and its going to report directly to me. Were not going to be tied down by congressional oversight; were going to have one goal: to track these people down and get them out of our country by any means necessary.\nTrump said he intends to muster a force of five hundred thousand deportation agents by midFebruary of 2017. Were talking about a highly trained and well-equipped paramilitary unit operating independently of local and federal law enforcement, Trump explained. Theyll have military-style vehicles andweapons, theyll have aircraft, theyll have whatever they need to get the job done.\nThe former reality TV star said the deportation force will even sport their veryown custom-made uniforms. Ive got a guy  he does my suits and hes very, very good at it  but hes designing a uniform specifically for this unit.Its a specialized outfit and its modeled after  youmay have seen them these Bolivian military policeuniforms. Theyre very distinct.\nAs far as whos eligible to enlist in the deportation force, Mr. Trump declared on Tuesday that anyone can sign up as long as they are American. The GOP front-runner later clarified that enlistment is restricted to able-bodied American men between the age of eighteen and thirty-five. This is not a job for women but I promise you well have other opportunities down the line, Trump pledged.\nWith the help of Joseph Schmitz, Mr. Trump said he hopes to deploy his deportation force to cities and towns throughout the United States by next spring. Youre going to see these brave Americans in your neighborhoods and in your towns, Trump promised. Theyre going to root out these illegal immigrants and Islamic extremists who are sneaking into this country and  with your support  theyre going to help make America great again.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "JANESVILLE, Wi. \u2013 GOP presidential front-runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump announced on Tuesday that if elected in November, he intends to appoint his top foreign policy adviser, Joseph Schmitz, to head his soon-to-be-created national deportation force. \u201cJoseph\u2019s an amazing guy, okay?\u201d Trump told supporters during a campaign stop in Wisconsin Tuesday. \u201cHe\u2019s going to \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-24T19:37:34+00:00", "title": "Kanye West to Announce 2016 Presidential Bid", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/kanye-west-to-announce-2016-presidential-bid/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Grammy award-winning rapper and producer Kanye West will officially announce hisdecision to run for President of the United States in 2016, his publicisttold TMZThursday. Mr. West has accumulated enough signatures to enter the 2016 presidential race and has registered as a Democrat with the FEC.\nWhile on stage at the 2015 VMAs last month, Kanye West announced his intention to run for president in 2020. However, the rapper has since changed his mind, deciding instead to run in 2016. Im not going to wait four more years to fix this country, he told CNNs Don Lemon.\nMr. West saidas president, his primary focus will be the reversalof racial inequality in America,an issuehe says President Obama has only worsened since taking office. In addition, West told Don Lemon he will explore permanent options to close downthe detention center in Guantanamo Bayandissue an executive order legalizing marijuana in all fifty states.\nDemocratic National Committee Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz announced Friday that Kanye West will participate in the first Democratic debate which isset to take place October 13th in Nevada. Hosted by CNN, the event will feature top Democratic contenders including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Senator Bernie Sanders, and former Virginia Senator Jim Webb.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Grammy award-winning rapper and producer Kanye West will officially announce his decision to run for President of the United States in 2016"}
{"published_time": "2015-11-03T23:46:55+00:00", "title": "President Obama, Jon Stewart to Moderate Fifth GOP Debate", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/president-obama-jon-stewart-to-moderate-fifth-gop-debate/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  During a Democratic fundraiser in New York last Monday, President Barack Obama announced he has signed a contract with CNN to co-moderate the fifth GOP debate with former Daily Show host Jon Stewart. Set for December 15th in Las Vegas, Nevada, the debate is tentatively focused on foreign policy.\nThey need a little touch of reality, the president said, receiving a wide applause from the audience. This isnt an audition for the babysitters club, its the Oval Office. In the past, President Obama has publicly questioned whether or not the current Republican presidential hopefuls possess the intellectual and moral fortitude required to run the country.\nPresidential debates shouldnt be centered around catering to the candidates comfort level, said CNN political analyst Melissa Cunningham, referring to the most recent CNBC debate which prompted a failed attempt by the GOP to harness control of future debates. Cunningham continued, Itll be interesting to see how they field questions from a seasoned politician, particularly one that knows the ins and outs of the job theyre vying for.\nMeanwhile, former Vice Presidential nominee and reality TV star Sarah Palin railed against the Obama administration for once again trying to sandbag the Republican party and suggested the president might be better suited leading a morning call to prayer.\nFormer Daily Show host Jon Stewart, who many speculate will play good cop to President Obamas bad cop during the debate, visited the White House this week to brainstorm possible debate questions with the president. Im told the meeting was very constructive, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Tuesday afternoon.\nFox News will host the fourth installment of the Republican presidential debates on November 10th in Milwaukee.Subsequently, thefifth GOP debate, featuring President Obama and Jon Stewart,is scheduled to air December 15th at 6 p.m. PST on CNN. The eventwill be held at The Venetian in Las Vegas.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama announced he has signed a contract with CNN to co-moderate the fifth GOP debate with former Daily Show host Jon Stewart."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-22T09:49:18+00:00", "title": "RNC: Nomination to be Determined Following Televised Deathmatch", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/rnc-presidential-nomination-to-be-announced-following-televisedjungle-based-deathmatch/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Reince Priebus, Chairman of the Republican National Committee, announced today that due to the ever-increasing number of Republican presidential candidates vying for the 2016 nomination, the RNC will host a deathmatch in the jungles of Venezuela to determine which candidate will be nominated to represent Republicans in the race to the White House.\nTalk is cheap, Priebus said during a press conference in Washington today. We have a lot of candidates who have a lot to say. But what we need is a strong candidate who can act. Priebus said Republican candidates will be flown to an undisclosed location in the Venezuelan jungle on board a Boeing C-17 transport aircraft. Once on the ground, each candidate will be given a backpack containing basic survival gear, a combat knife, and twenty-four hours to immerse themselves in the dense jungle.\nCandidates will be outfitted with a heart-rate monitor and GPS transponder, allowing us to keep track of their location and status at all times, Priebus said. In addition, The Fox News Channel will broadcast the entire deathmatch, commercial free, on live television. Anchors Bill OReilly and Ainsley Earhardt will narrate the event, with Geraldo Rivera providing guest commentary.\nAccording to Priebus, following the end of the twenty-four hour immersion period, candidates will begin hunting one another using their combat knives to perform the first kill. This is what were calling the Initiation Phase, Priebus said. After that things get abit easier and a lot more exciting.\nOnce a Republican candidate performs his first kill, he or she will receive a rewards package airdropped to their location by an unmanned drone. Each package is selected at random before it is deployed and contains a single item provided by one of nineteen American defense contractors, such as Lockheed Martin and Smith & Wesson, who are sponsoring the deathmatch. Candidates will use a variety of tools from tactical rifles to shoulder-fired rocket launchers to prove their worth to American voters, Priebus said.\nI think its a great idea, Hillary Clinton told supporters during a campaign event in Detroit today. The Democratic presidential hopeful said shes rooting for Rick Perry after having watched the way he handled a weapon along the Texas-Mexico border.\nThe RNCs deathmatch will be held two weeks before the Republican National Convention, which is scheduled for the week of July 18th at the the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio, and will be broadcast live in twenty-six nations including the United States.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Reince Priebus, Chairman of the Republican National Committee, announced today that the RNC will host a deathmatch in the jungles of Venezuela in 2016."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-28T08:58:09+00:00", "title": "Trump Considering Former Wrestling Champ Dwayne Comacho for VP", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/trump-considering-former-wrestling-champion-dwayne-comacho-vp/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Speaking at a campaign rally on Saturday, GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump revealed to supporters that hes strongly considering asking former porn star and five-time wrestling smack-down champion Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho to be his running-mate if he wins the Republican nomination in July.\nHes a great man and an even greater American, Trump boasted while introducing Camacho to an auditorium jam-packed with enthusiastic supporters. Heres a guy whos not afraid to serve up a can of whoop-ass if you cross him. Indeed, Dwayne Herbert Camacho is no stranger to violence. The former wrestling champ is known for obliterating his opponents both in and out of the ring.\nAccording to Trumps campaign manager, Katrina Pearson, the two former reality TV stars recently met face to face for the first time at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada, where they sat down to discuss a variety of topics including solutions to the ongoing water crisis in Flint, Michigan. Mr. Camacho has proposed a rather ingenious plan to replace Flints water supply with Brawndo, Ms. Pearson toldFox News.Known as The Thirst Mutilator,the energy drink, Brawndo, is rumored to have anywhere between four and twenty times as many electrolytes per bottle as Gatorade.\nThe people of Flint crave electrolytes, Mr. Camacho declared during a recent appearance on the The Howard Stern Show. And right now we got this cat Donald Trump and hes got a higher IQ than any man alive!And hes got a three-pointplan to fix the water crisis in Flint, the economic crisis in America, and the ISIS crisis in the desert. Hes got a plan to fixeverything!\nIn an interview appearing in the Sunday edition ofThe Washington Examiner, Mr. Trump voiced support for Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camachos plan to bring Brawndo to the people of Flint. Weve got a guy whos not afraid to challenge the status-quo, Trump told the Examiner.Dwaynes a great guy and a longtime friend. He understands more than anybody how many eggs you have to break to make an exceptional omelette.\nAs of Saturday night, Donald Trump had gained a significant lead in Massachusetts with more than double the support of his closest competitor Marco Rubio. The junior senator from Florida is in second place with twenty percent. Meanwhile Texas senator Ted Cruz has fallen to fourth place with nine percent.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Trump is considering former porn star and five-time wrestling smack-down champion Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho to be his running mate."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-08T03:31:16+00:00", "title": "Edward Snowden to Announce Bid for 2016 U.S. Senate Seat", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/edward-snowden-to-announce-bid-for-2016-u-s-senate-seat/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  In a New York Times op-ed piece set for release this week, Former CIA system administrator Edward Snowden will announce his intention to enter the 2016 U.S. Senate race in his home state of North Carolina. Snowden, who in 2013, leaked thousands of classified documents detailing the U.S. governments global and domestic surveillance programs, told The Intercept he intends to run as an Independent to replace incumbent North Carolina Republican Senator Richard Burr.\nOn June 14, 2013, the U.S. government formerly charged Snowden with theft of government property and two counts of violating the Espionage Act through the unauthorized communication of classified material with each charge carrying a maximum penalty of ten years in prison. However, the Espionage Act, which was signed into law in 1917 just after the U.S. entered WWI, was never meant to be used against whistle-blowers. Rather, it was intended to prevent direct support to Americas enemies during times of war.\nYvonne Bunton, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who specializes in Constitutional law, is representing Mr. Snowden and has filed an appeal in federal court to have the charges overturned. In light of the decision by congress to end the NSAs illegal spying program, Im confident Mr. Snowden will be cleared of all charges in time for him to launch his campaign for the Senate, Ms. Bunton said. Citing the case of former CIA director General David Petraeus, who, in April, was sentenced to two years probation and ordered to pay a $100,000 fine for disclosing classified information to his biographer, Ms. Bunton called the Obama administrations treatment of Snowden absolutely disgraceful by comparison.\nSeveral current and former United States congressmen, including Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, have already publicly endorsed Snowden. In a televised interview Sunday evening, Senator Paul commended Snowdens actions, calling him an American hero, and said if Snowden were just a few years older, hed be my first and only choice for VP. The Republican senator is spearheading a bipartisan initiative along with twenty-three other congressmen to overturn the charges against the former government contractor and clear his name. People like Edward Snowden are what keep America great, Paul said.\nMr. Snowden told The Intercept that if elected, he plans to use his position in the senate to fight government secrecy and uphold the right to privacy granted to all Americans under the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Elections for the U.S. Senate in North Carolina will take place on November 8, 2016. Mr. Snowden is one of several prospective candidates hoping to unseat Senator Richard Burr, who is running for a possible third term. Snowden currently resides in Russia, where he was granted temporary asylum in 2013, but plans to return to the U.S. once the charges levied against him are dropped.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former CIA system administrator Edward Snowden has announced his intention to enter the 2016 U.S. Senate race in his home state of North Carolina."}
{"published_time": "2015-04-17T12:13:17+00:00", "title": "Obama's Birth Certificate Found in Benghazi Compound", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/04/breaking-news-obamas-birth-certificate-found-in-benghazi-compound/", "text": "BENGHAZI, Lby.  In a video released last weekend by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, Islamic fighters are seen looting and ransacking the former U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, the site of a deadly 2012 attack that left U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith dead. About midway through the nine minute video, a militant approaches the camera and holds up a document purported to be President Obamas Hawaiian birth certificate.\nCIA Director John Brennan confirmed the certificates authenticity Thursday in a press statement released by the agency. President Obama has not publicly commented on the issue but White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, spoke to reporters Thursday morning, saying, Intelligence analysts have confirmed the document to be the Presidents original birth certificate. At this point we are working to determine how and why the certificate is in Libya.\nPresident Obama called an emergency meeting with his National Security Council early this morning to discuss options for the retrieval of his birth certificate. A high-ranking official within the Obama Administration, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told this reporter that military action is the most probable course, at this point. The official added that special operations forces have already been deployed to the region and are awaiting the Presidents orders.\nSpeaking from the steps of the Capitol building today, Speaker John Boehner told Fox News that he and other leading Republicans are working to launch a congressional investigation into the matter. In light of these new developments, the House will vote to establish a new select committee to investigate the events surrounding the birth certificate and its relation to the attack, provide the necessary accountability, and ensure justice is finally served.\nProspective presidential candidate and business magnate Donald Trump tweeted his thoughts on the situation today, saying, This is further proof Obama has no problem lying to the general public. He added that he intends to use his influence in Washington to personally inspect the Hawaiian birth certificate upon its return to the States in order to settle any unanswered questions regarding the Presidents citizenship and the truth about Benghazi.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Midway through the nine minute video, a militant approaches the camera and holds up a document purported to be President Obama's Hawaiian birth certificate."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-25T08:00:00+00:00", "title": "Kourtney Kardashian to Run for Mayor of Calabasas in 2016", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/kourtney-kardashian-to-run-for-mayor-of-calabasas-in-2016/", "text": "CALABASAS, Ca.  While attending an after party for the Marquee Dayclub Season Event in Las Vegas this week, Kourtney Kardashian announced she will run for the office of mayor in Calabasas in 2016 in hopes of ousting current mayor Aubrey James.\nIn her first public comments since the party, Kardashian told Us Weekly she had been out to dinner with her mom when she overheard James at a nearby table. We were eating at The Canyon Bistro and he was at a table behind us with his wife I guess, and I heard his voice and I just thought, You are so annoying. I could literally slap the sh*t out of you and feel so much better.'\nIt was then, Ms. Kardashian says, that she decided to run for office to fix the citys frumpy image Mayor James has created. She added, I feel that if Im going through something, Im sure someone else is, too. I try to be as honest with myself and others as I can be and I think a mayor should do the same.\nAccording to family and friends, Ms. Kardashians first duty as mayor will be to improve the citys economic conditions. Kim Kardashian, Kourtneys younger sister, told TMZ that Kourtney feels very passionate about the state of The Commons, referring to The Commons at Calabasas, an upscale retail and entertainment complex in the city. Right now its like something youd see in San Francisco. Its appalling.\nIf elected, Kourtney Kardashian has pledged $1 million of her own money to assist in improving and expanding The Commons at Calabasas. Included in the expansion is a plan to remove the existing fountains and replace them with fountains similar to those at BellagioLas Vegas. Ms. Kardashian said, Im proof that, even after having a baby, you can look better and sexier than ever! And as mayor, Ill make Calabasas sexier than ever!", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Kourtney Kardashian announced she will run for the office of mayor in Calabasas in 2016 in hopes of ousting current mayor Aubrey James."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-16T19:40:56+00:00", "title": "Trump Compares GOP Contenders to Displaced Refugees", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/trump-compares-gop-presidential-hopefuls-to-displaced-refugees/", "text": "SIMI VALLEY, Ca.  Presidential frontrunner Donald Trump stormed the stage during the first round of debates at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library tonight before unleashing a twelve-minute tirade against fellow Republican presidential contenders, describing them as political refugees and bottom-feeders.\nModerators and candidates alike stood by in shock as Trump stomped from podium to podium, stopping at each to rip its microphone freebefore hurling it into the audience all thewhile screaming personal attacks at individual candidates. At one point Mr. Trump attempted to physically restrain LouisianaGovernor Bobby Jindal and, in an apparent reference to Ahmed Mohamed, a Texas ninth-grader arrested this week for bringing a homemade clock to school,yelled, Wheres the clock, Bobby? Where is it?\nIn an attempt to defuse the situation,moderator Jake Tapper asked Mr. Trump what his thoughts on the refugee crisis were. Trump responded by pointing furiously at Lindsey Graham, shouting, You have a refugee crisis, a political refugee crisis, right here on this stage! Trump turned andstormed off the stage, leaving a cloud of confusion in his wake.\nLater in the debate Senator Lindsey Graham said if elected, he would authorize congress to form a new federal agency whose solepurpose would be to uncover the truth behind Benghazi and put the Obama administration on trial for war crimes.\nGovernor Bobby Jindal, taking it a step further, called President Obama a socialist and threatened to blow up Washington, D.C. if elected.The GOPs top contenders, including Donald Trump,are scheduled to begin their debate at 8:00 P.M. EST following the conclusion of round one.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Presidential frontrunner Donald Trump described GOP Presidential contenders as displaced \"refugees\" and \"bottom-feeders.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-09-14T00:12:02+00:00", "title": "Construction of Presidential Mansion Begins at Old Post Office Site", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/trump-begins-construction-of-presidential-mansion-on-old-post-office-site/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  The Trump Organizationwill officially begin construction of a presidential mansionon the site of the Old Post Office in downtown Washington this week. Owned by the U.S. General Services Administration, theOld Post Office site was leased to the Trump Organization in 2013 for a period of 60 years.\nThe Trump Organization originally sought to renovate and convert the historic landmark into a luxury hotel but due in part to Trumps position asRepublican frontrunner, the organization recently scrapped the idea in favor of a more modern presidential residence.Mr. Trump feels the White House, in its current condition, is unbefitting of an American head of state, said Patricia Kennedy, the Trump Organizations Director of Public Relations. In Mr. Trumps opinion, the White House serves as a symbol of American democracy and history, much like that of the Lincolnand Jefferson memorials. As president, Mr. Trump would seek to convert the White House into a museum rather than the literal seat of American power.\nThe Trump Organization plans tokeep the Old Post Offices original exterior intact, save for a rooftop landing pad large enough to accommodatefourhelicopters. The presidential residence, as described by Ms. Kennedy, will feature a modern minimalist design reminiscent of the Roman era. Mr. Trumphas importedtwo dozen marble statues from Florence that will serve as sentries in themain foyer, Ms. Kennedy said.\nDuring an appearance on The Tonight Showlast week, Mr. Trump told Jimmy Fallon that during a recent visit to Washington, he was struck by how vintage and downtrodden the White House was. I was in Washington last week to protest the Iran deal, Trump said. Do you realize the White House is the smallest presidential residencein the world? What does that say about America? Ill tell you what it says.It sayswere weak.\nDonald Trump, who is on track to win theGOP nomination,currently holds 32% of Republican support, a number that has nearly tripled since the launch of his campaign in June. Ben Carson, a former neurosurgeon from Detroit,is a distant second with 19% support.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Trump Organization will officially begin construction of a presidential mansion on the site of the Old Post Office in downtown Washington this week."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-10T21:35:24+00:00", "title": "Ben Carson Recants Story About Performing Surgery on Drifter", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/ben-carson-recants-story-about-performing-brain-surgery-on-drifter/", "text": "MILWAUKEE, Wi. Whenasked by moderatorNeil Cavuto to clarify statements he made about his past during Tuesdays GOP debate, retired neurosurgeon and Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson rescinded a tale from his childhood about performing his firstbrain surgery on a drifter.\nIn Carsons autobiography, Gifted Hands, the former surgeon describes how, with the help of a childhood friend, he lured a visibly intoxicateddrifter from a nearby train yard into a dilapidated shed on the outskirts of his parents property. Using a concoction of elixirs looted from my dear mothers medicine cabinet, Carson writes, we were able to administera suitableanesthetic to our ailing patient as we prepped him for surgery.\nDuring the debate, however, Dr. Carson said the story, like much of his autobiography, wasnt 100% accurate, calling the apparent discrepancies an honest mistake. As the other candidates on stage looked on in amusement, Carson retold the story, this time saying the patient wasnt a drifter but a terminally ill man from the neighborhood. In fact, Carson said, I didnt perform the surgery myself; I was thirteen years old at the time, how could I? Instead, Carson said, he merely watched as another neighbor -a fully licensed brain surgeon, performed the life saving operation on a table in his unfinished basement.\nLater in the debate, afterWall Street Journal editor-in-chief Gerald Bakerfurtherpressed Dr. Carson on the subject, Carson, who was visibly agitated and appeared to be sweating, declaredthat the basementbrain surgery scenario never actuallyhappened at all. I saw it on TV, Carson finally admitted, On Greys Anatomy, I think.\nAccording to a new poll released Monday by Monmouth University, Ben Carson has pulled ahead of Donald Trump in South Carolina, a key state in the Republican presidential primaries. Carson holds the support of 28% of South Carolinas Republican voters while Trump remains close behind at 27%.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "During Tuesday's GOP debate, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson recinded a tale from his childhood about performing his first brain surgery on a drifter."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-31T16:00:01+00:00", "title": "Ted Cruz: Rubio is a Cuban Spy 'Hell-Bent on Destroying' U.S.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/ted-cruz-rubio-is-a-cuban-spy-hellbent-on-destroying-america/", "text": "AUSTIN, Tx.  During an interview with CNNs Wolf Blitzer yesterday, Texas senator Ted Cruz accused fellow GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio of having ties to Raul Castro and the Cuban government. Hes a trained spy ona mission to turn Washington in a Little Havana, Senator Cruz said, adding that Senator Rubio is hell-bent on destroying this country.\nSenator Cruz went on to say that in the last week, his security detail has uncovered a number of electronic listening devices that were covertly planted in the senators office and private residence. Its unclear why Im being singled out by Senator Rubio and his gang of Cuban thugs, Mr. Cruz told Wolf Blitzer. The senator later speculated that Rubios involvement may be part of a larger plot to retaliate against the United States for its role in theBay of Pigs fiasco.\nMeanwhile, Marco Rubio fired back at the Cruz camp on Sunday, calling the senators accusations a pack of lies. The junior U.S. senator categorically denied being involved in a plot to sabotage the United States, telling Fox News he hasnt had contact with anyone in Cuba in over six months. In Mr. Rubios defense, Cubas Intelligence Directorate -in response to an inquiry from The Washington Post, said its not in the business of revealing the names of operatives working abroad.\nThe admission, however, was apparently not enough to convince Senator Cruz that Mr. Rubio is nothing more than a mild-mannered junior senator of Cuban descent with genuine aspirations of making a difference from within the confines of the Oval Office. The Texas senator said that his security detail has discreetly obtained hair and skin samples belonging to Senator Rubio. Were testing them to see if he has any connection to Elin Gonzlez, Senator Cruz explained, adding that he believes with a degree of certainty that Marco Rubiois Elin Gonzlezin disguise. Well know more by the end of the week, a visibly hopeful Cruz told CNN.\nAccording to the latest polls coming out of Iowa, Senator Ted Cruz is in second place at twenty-three percent, just five points behind former reality TV star and GOP front-runner Donald Trump. For the time being, Florida senator Marco Rubio remains at fifteen percent.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "AUSTIN, Tx. - Texas senator Ted Cruz accused fellow GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio of having ties to Raul Castro and the Cuban government."}
{"published_time": "2015-05-29T10:45:56+00:00", "title": "'Freedom of Speech' Rally Set for June 6th in Phoenix", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/freedom-of-speech-rally-set-for-june-6th-in-phoenix/", "text": "PHOENIX, Az.  Paul Izrary is a former Marine and a staunch opponent of the Catholic Church. He and his partner Mitchel Tomesh, a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of his childhood priest, are the organizers of next Saturdays Freedom of Speech Rally outside Saint Marys Basilica in Phoenix, Arizona.\nAccording to a Facebook page set up by Izrary, the purpose of the rally is to call attention to the rampant sexual abuse and corruption that plague the Catholic Church. So far, an estimated 1,100 people are set to attend the event, which will include a cartoon contest judged by Izrary and Tomesh. In support of our God-given right to free speech, myself and Mitchel will host a drawing contest beginning at 6 p.m., Izrary said.\nContestants will be given thirty minutes to draw or paint a scene depicting several people or animals urinating and defecating on Jesus as he hangs from the cross at the summit of Mt. Moriah. According to Izrarys Facebook page, contestants will be awarded bonus points if they utilize use their own excrement in the drawings. Its about freedom of speech, Izrary told Fox 10 Phoenix.\nContestants will be judged based on their artistic abilities, design, and attention to detail, Izrary said. The winner of the contest will be presented with a custom-built AR-15 assault rifle, valued at $2500, and five thousand rounds of ammunition. Izrary said he hopes the rally will help expose the true colors of the Catholic Church.\nThe event, scheduled for 6 p.m. on June 6th, begins just as Saturdays evening service at the Basilica ends. Izrary encourages any gun owners in attendance to exercise their right to open-carry at the rally.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Organizers of next Saturday's \"Freedom of Speech Rally\" outside Saint Mary's Basilica in Phoenix, Arizona say..."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-16T12:29:18+00:00", "title": "Donald Trump Demands Vatican Release Jesus' 'Birth Certificate", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/donald-trump-demands-vatican-release-jesus-birth-certificate/", "text": "NEW YORK, NY.  While speaking to potential donors during a black tie fund-raising event in New York City this weekend, billionaire entrepreneur and potential presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Pope Francis and the Vatican to release proof of Jesus birth and ethnicity.\nIm not saying Jesus didnt exist. Thats not what Im saying. Im saying the Vatican ought to put to rest any speculation as to Jesus ethnicity, Trump said, adding, Being Semitic doesnt automatically make you a Jew. Semites are also Arab, they are Assyrian, they are Muslim.\nThe real estate magnate said he plans to travel to Vatican City later this month to meet personally with Pope Francis and set the record straight.\nBill OReilly, host of The OReilly Factor, which airs on the Fox News Channel, echoed Mr. Trumps statements, saying that while he agrees with the fundamentals of Christianity, he, too, has doubts about the historical claims surrounding Jesus ethnicity. The Vatican has a long history of censoring information, he said, adding that Jesus was born and raised in a predominantly Arab society. OReilly says hes considering filing a lawsuit against the Vatican to force the Holy See to release the records.\nTrump has said he is seriously considering a run for the presidency in 2016 but has yet to make an official announcement. In 2011, during President Obamas run for reelection, Mr. Trump heavily advocated for the release of the presidents birth certificate, which Trump said was invalid because Obama wasnt born in this country, and that he shouldnt be the president of the United States.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Billionaire entrepreneur and presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Pope Francis and the Vatican to release proof of Jesus' birth and ethnicity."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-21T09:32:29+00:00", "title": "Mitch McConnell Accuses Democrats of Trying to Force Democracy - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/mitch-mcconnell-accuses-democrats-of-trying-to-force-democratic-process/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Senator Mitch McConnell on Monday accused President Obama and other Democrats of trying to undermine his role as senate majority leader by forcing him to perform duties which some argue are relevant to his position. Specifically, Senator McConnell said he believes the American people, rather than President Obama, should decide who will replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia.\nTo clarify, when I said the American people, I meant the National Rifle Association, Sen. McConnell told Chuck Todd during an appearance onMeet the Press on Sunday. The Kentucky senator went on to explain that in 2015, when he was sworn in as Senate Majority Leader, he took an oath to block every conceivable motion put forth by the Democrats while continuing to enjoy all the amenities and benefits afforded to him by American taxpayers.\nOn Monday, Senator Mitch McConnell further reaffirmed his commitment to the NRA, saying he would block any Supreme Court nominee who didnt meet the approval of the gun rights group. McConnell said the NRA, which represents a little over 1.6% of the U.S. population -coincidentally- represents 100% of his constituents. I believe I speak for the vast majority of Americans when I say we would all feel more comfortable having a [white] president who identifies with conservative American values decide our next Justice, McConnell told Fox News.\nShould a Democratic candidate win the election in November, Senator McConnell said Republicans are prepared to buckle down for the long haul and block every potential nominee until at least 2020 when the GOP has another opportunity to win the race for the White House. Its better to be short a Justice than run the risk of having a liberal interpreting constitutional law on behalf of the entire country, McConnell said.\nMeanwhile, President Obama, in an interview withNPR, said he finds it puzzling that Senator McConnell and other Republicans think the American people should decide the next Supreme Court Justice. Well, in fact the American people did decide  back in 2012 when they elected me president of the United States with sufficient electoral votes, President Obama said, adding that any future nominee he suggests will of course have to be approved by Planned Parenthood.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 Senator Mitch McConnell on Monday accused President Obama and other Democrats of trying to undermine his role as senate majority leader by forcing him to perform duties which some argue are relevant to his position. Specifically, Senator McConnell said he believes the American people, rather than President Obama, should decide who will \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-02-01T17:19:50+00:00", "title": "Former Advisor Says Trump Drafting Post-Election 'Kill List'", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/former-adviser-says-trump-drafting-post-election-kill-list/", "text": "MANHATTAN, Ny.  A former political adviser for Donald Trumps presidential campaign told The New York Daily News that the GOP front-runner has been maintaining a hand-written list of undesirables since the launch of his campaign last year. The list, which is said to include former secretary of state Hillary Clinton and Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, is kept in a secure Samsonite that never leaves Trumps line of sight, according to the former adviser and seasoned political analyst.\nThe advisor, who asked to remain anonymous out of concern for his safety, said that following the election, Mr. Trump intends to use his presidential powers to deal with the names and organizations contained on the frequently updated legal pad. He said -and I quote, I will drop a f***ing bomb on Fox News and blame it on ISIS, the source revealed, adding that during a brainstorming session, Mr. Trump bounced around the idea of pulling someone from Gitmo and planting their body in the rubble of Fox News headquarters.\nMr. Trump, who is rumored to keep a framed portrait of the late Joseph Stalin on his bedside table, recently told the popular British tabloid The Mirror, You ask any world leader and theyll tell you the same as I have: You cant bring change without purging the opposition. Thats how I work in the business world and thats how Ill work in the political world.\nDuring last Thursdays Republican debate, Mr. Trump held his own exclusive rally with fellow GOP contender Mike Huckabee where he told a crowd of veterans that hes not the type of candidate who will back down, saying in a rather ominous tone that, come November 8, 2016, Youll either vote to help make America great again or youll find yourself outnumbered with your back against the wall.\nAccording to the latest Iowa polls, Donald Trump is projected to win the Iowa caucuses and holds a strong five-point lead over his closest rival, Ted Cruz. The Texas senator fell to twenty-five percent Saturday following news that his campaign has engaged in deceptive practices stemming from a mailer sent out to Iowans accusing them of having committed voting violationsin hopes of driving them to the polls.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MANHATTAN, Ny. - A former political adviser for Donald Trump's presidential campaign told The New York Daily News that the GOP front-runner has been.."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-23T16:38:00+00:00", "title": "Pro-Cruz Robocall Warns Nevada Voters of Impending Missile Strike", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/pro-cruz-robocall-warns-nevada-voters-of-impending-missile-strike/", "text": "CARSON CITY, Nv.  A robocall dialed out to hundreds of thousands of conservative voters on Tuesday warned of an imminent missile strike on several cities in Nevada, including the state capital, Carson City. The call prompted a mass evacuation of potential Republican supporters from the state and has been blamed for at least twenty-five deaths.\nJust hours before the start of Nevadas Republican caucus, potential voters received a forty-five second prerecorded phone call informing them that New York, Washington, and Los Angeles had just been obliterated by ballistic missiles. Evacuation orders have been issued for your state, the call calmly explained. You are to immediately report to your precincts designated polling center for further instructions.\nThe vast majority of those who received Tuesday afternoons robocall -perhaps out of fear of nuclear annihilation- didnt stay on the line long enough to find out that the call had been paid for by Ted Cruz for President and, according to the Texas senators campaign manager, was meant to merely warn voters of the dangers of a Trump presidency.\nIn an interview with MSNBCsChuck Todd, Senator Cruz said that such calls are common during primary season and accused his fellow candidates of forming a behind-the-scenes alliance in order to conduct a dishonest and misleading smear campaign against him. The senator expressed sadness over the tragic loss of at least two-dozen potential voters who perished trying to flee a fictitious Nevadan Hiroshima but blamed his rivals for taking parts of the call out of context in order to discredit him at the expense of the good people of Nevada.\nMeanwhile, statements released by the Trump and Rubio camps called for a complete redo of the Nevada caucus. While Senator Rubio accused Cruz of denying people their constitutional rights; Donald Trump complained that Cruzs deceptive tactics had likely cost him millions of votes.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A robocall dialed out to hundreds of thousands of conservative voters on Tuesday warned of an imminent missile strike on several cities in Nevada."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-27T10:38:30+00:00", "title": "Sarah Palin Calls on Trump to Relocate GTMO to Alaska", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/sarah-palin-calls-on-trump-to-relocate-gtmo-to-alaska/", "text": "WASILLA, Ak.  During an appearance on Fox News Wednesday morning, former governor Sarah Palin called on Donald Trump to relocate the detention facility located at a U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to her home state of Alaska. Nobody supports the war on terror more than the good people of Alaska, Palin toldFox & Friendsco-host Brian Kilmeade.\nThe former Republican vice presidential nominee said that if elected president in 2016, Donald Trump should reverse Obamas decision to take jobs away from hard-working Americans and give them to Cubans. Palin hailed the Obama administrations efforts to reignite relations with the island nation but reminded voters that 9/11 didnt happen in Cuba.\nThe current administration has spent the last eight years outsourcing the job of interrogating these terrorists to the Cubans, Palin said, continuing, The Cuban people cant even begin to imagine the hardships Americans have had to endure under this administration; yet Mr. Obama seems to think they can do a better job against ISIS than we can. Mrs. Palin said that Alaska is ready to take the torch by accepting an estimated 240 detainees currently housed in Guantanamo Bay. Were up for the task, she declared.\nPresident Obama recently renewed his promise to close the detention center in Guantanamo before the end of his term, a move Sarah Palin called unconstitutional. He doesnt have the authority, said Palin, who accused the president of undermining the efforts of the U.S. military to prevent future terror attacks. This country needs a president who wont sell out the American people and bow to Islam; thats why Im endorsing Donald Trump, Palin explained.\nWhile former Gov. Palin insisted the 8,621 residents of Wasilla -Alaskas sixth largest city, would welcome a maximum security detention facility housing the worst of the worst terror suspects, a more likely location is nestled just off the Alaskan mainland in the Aleutian Islands. Listed in the U.S. Register of Historic Places, Amaknak Island housed American soldiers stationed at the Dutch Harbor Naval Operating Base during World War II.\nIts a great location for a new Guantanamo or even just an off-the-books black site, remarked Fox News national security expert Wilson Cingle. You cant get much further from the prying eyes of congressional oversight than the Aleutian Islands.\nSarah Palin reentered the national spotlight last week when she publicly endorsed GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump during a fiery speech in Iowa.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASILLA, Ak. - Former governor Sarah Palin called on Donald Trump to relocate the detention facility located at a U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay.."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-04T15:49:55+00:00", "title": "Congress Passes Legislation Expanding Virginia's Borders", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/congress-passes-legislation-expanding-virginias-border-to-include-washington-d-c/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Residents of the nations capital rejoiced Friday as Congress passed landmark legislation effectively granting the District of Columbia statehood. This is a long-awaited victory for the District, D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser told reporters on the steps of the Capitol Building following the vote. The people of Washington, D.C. are finally able to have their voice heard.\nHistorically, Washington, D.C. was a federal district, rather than a state, and thus fell under jurisdiction of Congress which, until Friday, held total control over the citys local affairs. Apart from a delegate with no ability to vote on the House floor, D.C. residents were the only Americans with no representation in Congress.\nEffective January 1, 2016, D.C.s roughly 658,000 inhabitants will, for the first time in American history, be granted that right as they become residents of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Washington, D.C. is and always will be the nations capital, Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said.\nThe border expansion comes as a big win for Virginia, which is expected to reap huge economic rewards with the introduction of the federal government inside its borders. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan called the legislation unconstitutional and said Maryland, with the support of Massachusetts, Wyoming, Montana, and Texas, will appeal the decision. This was a hastily made and, quite frankly, idiotic move on the part of Congress, Governor Hogan said. At no point did Congress consider the economical and political implications this has on Maryland, or the rest of the country for that matter.\nMeanwhile, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe praised the decision, telling D.C. residents, Virginia welcomes you with open arms. Although D.C. will remain the U.S. capital, starting January 1st, it will be susceptible to Virginia law. That means Initiative 71, which allows for the limited possession and cultivation of marijuana, will no longer apply. Further, residents of the District will be allowed to purchase high capacity magazines and assault weapons, which are legal to own under Virginia law.\nPresident Obama, speaking from the Rose Garden Friday, applauded the decision, calling the vote a step in the right direction. The President, flanked by Governor McAuliffe and Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine respectively, said, As the first established colony of the original thirteen, its only right that Virginia represent the nation as our Capitol State.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Residents of the nation's capital rejoiced Friday as Congress passed landmark legislation effectively granting the District of Columbia statehood."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-07T10:09:31+00:00", "title": "Donald Trump Threatens to Buy RNC for $2 Billion", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/donald-trump-threatens-to-buy-rnc-for-2-billion-3/", "text": "DAVENPORT, Ia.  Republican presidential frontrunner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump declared at a campaign rally this weekend that should the GOP attempt to wrestle the presidential nomination away from him, he will buy the Republican National Committee for $2 billion and replace its headquarters in D.C. with a luxury hotel.\nTrump lashed out at fellow conservatives Sunday afternoon, saying, There are some within my party who believe I shouldnt win this nomination. My message to them is simple: Come January 2016, one way or another, I will be in charge of this country. Mr. Trump called on fellow Republican contenders to step down and pledge allegiance to him or face harsh consequences at the start of his presidency.\nFollowing a prolonged standing ovation, Trump said he would not hesitate to throw members of his own party in prison over their failure to acknowledge the legitimacy of a Trump presidency. This so-called doctor Carson thinks he can usurp me. Well Ive got news for you, Ben, Trump roared. Ill have you performing brain surgery in Leavenworth by this time next year.\nIn an internal email obtained byThe New York Times, RNC chairman Reince Priebus privately expressed concerns over the Trump Organizations recent decision to purchase a decommissioned Russian aircraft carrier and six F-35B Joint Strike Fighters for more than $888 million.Addressing other members of the RNC leadership, Mr. Priebus said he hopes Mr. Trump isnt planning some sort of coup.\nOn the contrary, Trump told supporters Sunday, he merely intends to make America great again. The entirety of Mr. Trumps plan will be unveiled following his inauguration, but in the meantime folks can look forward to living in an immigrant-free America, where women and children are able to leave their homes without the threat of being raped or killed by an illegal alien.\nTrump, who recently hired former members of Executive Outcomes, a now-defunct South African private military contractor, to serve as his personal security detail, holds a twenty-point lead over Florida Senator Marco Rubio, who recently surged ahead of retired neurosurgeon, Dr. Ben Carson, in the polls.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "DAVENPORT, Ia. \u2013 Republican presidential frontrunner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump declared at a campaign rally this weekend that should the GOP attempt to wrestle the presidential nomination away from him, he will buy the Republican National Committee for $2 billion and replace its headquarters in D.C. with a luxury hotel. Trump lashed out at \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-05-23T08:00:00+00:00", "title": "Obama to Sign Executive Order Stripping Texas of Statehood", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/obama-to-sign-executive-order-stripping-texas-of-statehood-ahead-of-jade-helm-15/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Obama will issue an executive order next week stripping Texas of statehood while creating a sovereign nation-state between the U.S. and Mexico, a White House official speaking on condition of anonymity told The Washington Post today. Effective July 1st, the laws governing the United States, including the U.S. Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and, additionally, the Geneva Conventions, will no longer apply to Texas or its residents.\nThe order is set to become law just days ahead of what the Obama administration and the Pentagon are calling a large-scale training exercise. Dubbed Jade Helm 15, the operation involves several states, including Texas, and consists of roughly 1,200 soldiers and seamen from U.S. Army Special Operations Command, Navy SEALs, and Air Force special operations forces.\nIn April, Texas Governor Greg Abbott placed the Texas State Guard on alert and instructed them to closely monitor the military exercise over concerns it might be a ploy to confiscate guns from law-abiding citizens through the implementation of martial law. However, the Obama administration has repeatedly refuted these claims, calling them conspiratory and baseless.\nEric Masterson, a White House National Security advisor, said, The purpose of Operation Jade Helm is to help the Texas transitional government facilitate a swift conversion into sovereignty. This isnt some vast conspiracy; in fact, its very similar to what weve done in Iraq and Afghanistan. Masterson said the overall objective is to curb illegal immigration by creating a buffer zone between the U.S. and Mexico, effectively shortening the border between the two countries. The Texas-Mexico border currently accounts for 66% of the entire U.S.-Mexico border, with Texas serving as a focal point for illegal immigration, Masterson said.\nBeginning July 1st, the Lone Star nation-state will be solely responsible for its survival and prosperity, however the United States will maintain a fleet of U.S. Navy destroyers and nuclear submarines in the Port of Houston. Additionally, the Department of State plans to erect a heavily fortified embassy there, allowing the Port of Houston and all its assets to remain on U.S. soil.\nOf course any Texans who wish to obtain U.S. citizenship are encouraged to do, provided they seek it through legal means, said Masterson, who added that current immigration policies apply to Texan nationals the same as they do for everyone else.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama will issue an executive order next week stripping Texas of statehood while creating a sovereign nation-state between the U.S. and Mexico."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-24T09:35:37+00:00", "title": "President Obama to Ban 30 Round Magazines in Video Games", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/obama-key-democrats-to-introduce-legislation-banning-30-round-magazines-in-video-games/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Obama met with democratic leaders today to finalize legislation that will effectively ban the use and depiction of assault weapons in American video games. The Obama Administration is set to add several amendments to HR 4783, a wide-ranging gun control bill, known as the Promoting Healthy Minds for Safer Communities Act.\nThe first proposed amendment aims to ban 30 round high-capacity magazines from violent video games such as the popular Call of Duty series. The law will limit assault-style weapons to a maximum magazine capacity of ten rounds. If passed, game production companies like Activision will be required under federal law to release patches for violent games already on the market. By restricting the number of shots a user can fire, we are removing certain aspects of the attraction of committing virtual acts of violence. Essentially making war and violence less glamorous, Senator Diane Feinstein told CSPAN.\nSenator Feinstein is co-sponsoring the bill along with sixty-eight other congressmen, including thirteen Republicans. Feinstein says the aim of bill is to remove the glorification of killing from video games while also making it more difficult for individuals with mental health disorders to obtain them. Citing the Sandy Hook massacre, Feinstein said, Violent video games are a gateway drug to the type of hardcore violence we continue to see across America.\nUnder the new law, children under the age of 18, as well as adults with a history of mental illness will be required to pass the Rorschach Test, a psychological evaluation which must be conducted by a licensed clinical psychologist. Upon successful completion of the exam, which is covered under the Affordable Care Act, patients will receive a government issued voucher allowing them to purchase any game deemed violent and hazardous to public wellbeing by the government. A new voucher is required for every violent game purchase.\nAny individual who fails the Rorschach Test will not be allowed to retake it, Senator Feinstein said. She continued,Failure denies the applicant the ability to purchase these restricted games, while also placing them on a monitoring list set up by the Department of Health and Human Services in conjunction with the Department of Justice.\nThe National Rifle Association issued a statement yesterday condemning the bill. NRA spokesman Roy MacNeil spoke to the media, saying, The right to bear arms, whether interactive or authentic, is one afforded to Americans of all ages. The NRA will not stand by while any administration, present or future, attacks the God-given right of every American.\nWhen asked by this reporter to comment on the MacNeils statement, President Obama dismissed the NRA, saying, The Second Amendment does not apply to video games. The president added that should the bill fail to pass the Senate, he will not hesitate to use his executive power to complete the legislation, making it law.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Obama met with democratic leaders today to finalize legislation that will effectively ban the use and depiction of assault weapons in American video games."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-20T10:52:02+00:00", "title": "NRA Says 'God Would Want' Guns in Churches, Schools", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/nra-says-god-would-want-guns-in-churches-schools/", "text": "FAIRFAX, Va.  In the wake of yet another mass shooting, the National Rifle Association is calling for more lenient gun laws and has gone so far as to ask Congress to reduce the minimum age required to purchase a handgun to twelve. Children are our future, Wayne Lapierre declared as he stood on the steps of Spring Hill Elementary School in McLean, Virginia, Friday. As Americans, we have the right to protect our future.\nMr. Lapierre is touring elementary schools across the country this month as part of a new NRA campaign to make firearms safety and training a required subject in the nations public school system. In this day and age, firearms should be as common in the classroom as textbooks and pencils, Lapierre told supporters. The NRA chairman pledged to donate $30,000 in scholarships to any school district that adopts the firearm safety and training program as part of their core curriculum. Sponsored by Bushmaster, the program aims to familiarize children, beginning at a young age, with basic firearms safety, handling, marksmanship, and defensive shooting techniques.\nIn addition to $30,000 in scholarships, Mr. Lapierre said the NRA will provide each school district with an estimated five thousand brand new firearms and two hundred and fifty thousand rounds of ammunition free of charge for students to use throughout the school year. Firearm safety isnt only about protecting your loved ones from bodily harm or violent death, its also about having fun, Lapierre said, flanked by a group of school children on the steps of Spring Hill Elementary School.\nGunsmiths at our headquarters in Fairfax have worked around the clock to design a line of custom firearms tailored specifically for children in our safety program, Lapierre said as he presented attendees with a Lego-themed Glock 19 semiautomatic handgun equipped with a thirty-three round high-capacity magazine. This is our standard issue starter pistol, the NRA president said, adding the firearm can be comfortably stored in a students desk or backpack when not in use.\nFurthermore, the NRA will provide schools with the Bushmaster M4-A3 Tactical Carbine, a semiautomatic rifle with a six-position collapsible stock, angled foregrip, thirty-round magazine, and an EoTech Holographic Weapons Sight for improved accuracy. The rifle will be available in two themes: Transformers for boys, and Disneys Frozen for girls. The perfect target rifle for novice shooters of all ages, said Lapierre.\nWithout directly referring to this weeks mass shooting in Charleston, South Carolina where nine innocent lives were taken, Wayne Lapierre called on states to allow the carrying of firearms in churches and other places of worship, saying, God would want guns in church. God wants his people safe. Himself a devout Catholic, Lapierre said, Catholics and Christians alike are called upon everyday by the Lord to prevent criminals and other miscreants from carrying out the Devils work. He concluded by saying, Gun ownership is not a privlege, its a right. A God-given right.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In the wake of yet another mass shooting, the NRA is calling for Congress to reduce the minimum age required to purchase a handgun to twelve."}

{"published_time": "2016-01-14T13:46:49+00:00", "title": "Donald Trump: Healthcare is a Privilege, Not a Right", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/donald-trump-healthcare-is-a-privilege-not-a-right/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Donald Trump blasted Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders medicare-for-all plan Thursday, saying access to healthcare is a privilege that should be earned, rather than a right. America didnt become great through handouts, the GOP front-runner toldBloomberg Politics.\nWhile calling for a complete overhaul of the nations healthcare system, Mr. Trump said applications for health insurance should be looked at by insurers with the same scrutiny as an employer reviewing job applications. You wouldnt give some bozo with zero experience a management position, Trump said before asking, Why should healthcare be any different?\nWhere I come from, you have to prove your worth, Trump continued. You have some guy with no college degree working a minimum wage job; no ambition, no goals, nothing to show for it. Yet for some reason, the current administration believes he  and millions of people like him, should have access to health insurance. Its outrageous.\nIf elected, Trump said his administration would make it easier and cheaper for people with bachelors and masters degrees, as well as individuals making more than $100,000 a year, to obtain top-of-the-line health insurance. Theres absolutely no reason why hard-working Americans shouldnt be afforded the best healthcare this nation has to offer, Mr. Trump declared. But people like Bernie Sanders would have you believe were living in a communist country where everyone is entitled to an equal share.\nA new poll released Wednesday by Bloombergputs Texas senator Ted Cruz in first place for the GOP presidential nomination. Mr. Cruz has 25% of Republican support in Iowa with Mr. Trump not far behind at 22%. Meanwhile Florida senator Marco Rubio held third place with 12%", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NEW YORK, Ny. - Donald Trump blasted Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' 'medicare-for-all' plan Thursday, saying access to healthcare..."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-30T09:23:33+00:00", "title": "Cruz: Make Birth Control Mandatory for Female Soldiers\u00a0", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/cruz-make-birth-control-a-requirement-for-female-service-members/", "text": "HOUSTON, Tx.  Republican presidential hopeful and junior U.S. senator Ted Cruz wants to make birth control a requirement for all active duty female service members. During a campaign event on Wednesday, Mr. Cruz told supporters that women who become pregnant while on active duty should be treated the same as deserters.\nThe number one priority of every American solder -male or female, should be unconditional service to their country, Mr. Cruz said. But when you have women who are supposed to be in a combat role frolicking around base, acting promiscuous, it becomes clear the defense of this great nation isnt their top priority.\nSenator Cruz said that if elected president in 2016, his first order of business will be the signing of an executive order authorizing the Department of Defense to perform monthly pregnancy tests on all active duty female service members. Otherwise, well have women going into labor on the battlefield and putting American lives at risk, Senator Cruz warned.\nThe senator went on to say that as president hed support mandatory minimum sentencing for any female soldier caught violating the pregnancy ban. Ideally, sentencing terms will be based on either the length of their enlistment contract or the duration of the war, whichever is longer, Cruz explained. As for the unborn child, Senator Cruz said that immediately following the birth, the child would be turned over for adoption and placed in the permanent care of a loving Christian family.\nUnder no circumstances, Mr. Cruz said, would abortion be an option. In fact, the senator vowed to place organizations like Planned Parenthood on the same list as ISIS, al Qaeda, and Hezbollah. Cruz has often referred to Planned Parenthood, which provides health and medical services to women, as an ongoing criminal enterprise that commits atrocities far greater in scale than anything seen under the Third Reich.\nMr. Cruzs views may be unpopular among left-leaning voters but the Texas senator is not alone in his sentiments. GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump recently questioned whether the need for women in combat roles even exists. What are they trying to prove? An incredulous Trump asked Megyn Kelley during an appearance on Fox News. Lets be realistic, theres always the need for support roles. Whether its administrative work or food preparation, you go with what youre good at, Trump said.\nTed Cruz received an endorsement from Shane Vander Hart, a prominent Iowan conservative blogger, on Monday, adding to a growing list of allies that include U.S. Rep. Steve King and social-conservative leader Bob Vander Plaats. Senator Cruz currently holds second place in the polls at 18%, while former reality TV star Donald Trump holds a firm grip on first with 39%.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "HOUSTON, Tx. - Republican presidential hopeful and U.S. senator Ted Cruz wants to make birth control a requirement for all active duty female soldiers."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-17T20:42:47+00:00", "title": "Obama to Pardon Himself During Final Hours of Presidency", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/obama-to-pardon-himself-during-final-hours-of-presidency-reveal-kenyan-citizenship/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A recently released White House aide, speaking on condition of anonymity Monday, provided internal White House memos to the Associated Press detailing the Obama Administrations proposed plan to reveal previously unknown details regarding the presidents citizenship. The memos specifically focus on conversations between President Obama and the Office of White House Counsel. Several of the memos appear to detail preliminary framework and legal advice regarding Obamas plan to release his Kenyan birth certificate in the final hours of his presidency.\nThe strategy calls for President Obama to pardon himself under Article II, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution, after which he is set to reveal, during a televised statement to the nation, that he is a Kenyan citizen. Included in the memos are drafts of the proposed speech in which President Obama says, Growing up in Kenya, we were very limited in terms of opportunity and personal growth. Thats not to say I dont have fond memories of my birth nation. My father teaching me to hunt antelope in the bush with a spear or taking part in traditional tribal rituals are a few that come to mind. The president goes on to speak about his desire for a better life, adding, I wanted to make a positive difference in the world. The obvious place to do so was here, in the United States of America.\nThis is really big of him, says NY Times political correspondent Matt Bai. Hes showing the world the American Dream is achievable for anyone, regardless of nationality. The fact that Obama is waiting until the end of his presidency to announce this shows a level of humility typically unseen in American politics.\nArticle II, Section 2 of the United States Constitution states that POTUS shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in cases of impeachment. However, some Republican party strategists, including William Schumann, strongly oppose the administrations proposed tactics, declaring them to be,petty, unconstitutional, and a blatant disregard of American principles. Schumann adds, Well fight this action all the way to the Supreme Court if we have to.\nRetired attorney and NBC News legal analyst Chloe Talbot believes that not only is the plan constitutional but justified under the laws of the Constitution. Self pardon is not restricted by law, and under interpretation by the Supreme Court, a president has the right to pardon himself not only for crimes he has committed but also for crimes with which he has not yet been charged. Ms. Talbot points out that former presidents, including Richard Nixon during Watergate, and Bill Clinton during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, had the opportunity to pardon themselves but chose not to. Every president has the ability to exercise this right granted to the Executive Office under the U.S. Constitution, and President Obama appears to be the first in U.S. history to do so. Ms. Talbot adds, According to the memos the Obama Administration has the backing of the Solicitor General should the case eventually reach the Supreme Court. Obama himself is a student of constitutional law and hes well aware of the rights afford to him under the Constitution.\nPresident Obama is scheduled to leave office on Inauguration Day, January 20th, 2017. According to the memos, in his final speech he will take the time to thank his adopted nation for the chance to lead them. Im reminded of an old Kenyan proverb, Kutokuwepo hufanya moyo kusahua, which is Swahili for absence makes the heart forget. Obama will finish, in English, saying, But I could never forget this great country and the opportunity it has afford me to serve it.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The memos detail preliminary framework and legal advice regarding Obama's plan to release his Kenyan birth certificate in the final hours of his presidency."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-12T10:00:02+00:00", "title": "Obama Signs Law Placing 'Smart Restrictions on Gun Sales", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/obama-issues-executive-order-placing-smart-restrictions-on-gun-sales/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Flanked by leading democrats, President Barack Obama signed an executive order today placing smart restrictions on federal and state gun laws. The order, intended to curb accessibility to dangerous weapons, is the first of its kind issued by a U.S. president.\nLet me be clear, this is not an attempt to ban or confiscate firearms, Obama said before signing the order into law. The Second Amendment is and always will beprotected under the United States Constitution. This is simply a measure designed to curb gun violence in this country. It is necessary and is something Congress has failed time and time again to do.\nTitled the Common Sense Act of 2015, the order,rather thanban a specific type of weapon,reduces the easeandaccessibilityof obtainingcertainfirearms. Further,under the new law, high-capacitymagazines, described asany magazine or clip capable of holding eleven or more roundsarenow restricted tolaw enforcement use only. There is no logical reason why a civilian should be in possession of a high-capacity magazine, President Obama said.\nIn order to be eligible to purchase anypistol, shotgun, orlong gunthat can bedescribed as a semi-automatic weapon, prospective buyers must first undergo a psychological evaluation by a licensedpsychologist. If deemed mentally competent, each patient will receive a signed letter from their psychologist which must be presented along with proof of citizenship and residency at their states department of motor vehicles.\nIn addition to thenecessary documentation, the federal government will levy a non-refundable $250 processing fee similar in naturetothe existingtax required to purchase weapons and devices that fall under the National Firearms Act.After a seven-day waiting period, if approved, an authorizedDMV official will provide the applicantwith a government-issued FirearmsPurchasing Permit whichmust bepresented when purchasing a weapon through a federally licensed firearms dealer.\nLets face it, these weapons are designed for one purpose, to extinguish life, Obama said. If youre living in the United States of America and you absolutely have to possess a semi-automatic weapon, youre going to need to prove without a doubt that you are mentally and psychologicallyfit to do so.\nThe Common Sense Act of 2015 comes amid a spate ofmass shootingsthatcontinue to plaguethe nationandhaveclaimed the livesofmore than379 people so far this year.In order to allow state officials time to become acclimated with the new policy, the act willofficially go into effect nationwide on October 20, 2015.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama signed an executive order today placing what he called \u201csmart\u201d restrictions on federal and state gun laws."}
{"published_time": "2016-03-27T18:07:09+00:00", "title": "Clinton Campaign Unwittingly Sends Email to Supporters Containing Classified Material - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/03/clinton-campaign-unwittingly-sends-email-to-supporters-containing-classified-material/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Thousands of Clinton supporters manyof whom believedthey were receiving updates on Saturdays democratic primaries  were shocked to discover an email purportedly sent from the former secretary of state on Sunday that included an attached .zip file containing classified material.\nThe attached file consisted of several documents, one of which appeared to have been photocopied and was clearly marked TOP SECRET//HCS-COMINT-GAMMA//NOFORN, meaning it contained sensitive compartmentalized information gathered from human intelligence sources and should not  under any circumstances  be shared with foreign governments. The contents of the classified document included the names and locations ofnearly five hundred active CIA assets in North Africa.\nThats very peculiar, I have no idea how that wound up in there, Karen Harris, a senior communications adviser and spokesperson for the Clinton campaign, told CNNs Wolf Blitzer on Sunday. Ms. Harris said its extremely uncommon for Clinton to pen the emails herself. She has a hard enough time keeping track of her passwords, Harris quipped.\nMeanwhile, Khalifa al-Bouri, a Libyan citizen who appeared on the list of active CIA assets working in the capital city of Tripoli, told ajournalist affiliated with Real News Right Now that he doesnt know any Americans and hes never evenspoken to onein his life. Im sorry, I dont know what youre talking about, please leave me alone, Khalifa said as he hurriedly loaded several suitcases into the backseat of his car, an early model Mercedes-Benz.\nThe sixty-one year-old Khalifa, whose real name is Dr. Mustafa Maziq, has served as the chief of surgery at Tripoli Central Hospital since 2004, according to a U.S. intelligence official who spoke to Real News Right Now on condition of anonymity. Mr. Maziq has provided us with a substantial amount of intel on Islamic State activity in Libya, the official confirmed.\nFormer secretary of state and current Democratic presidential candidate Hillary RodhamClinton has been under investigation by the FBI over allegations that she used her familys private email server to send official communications while at the State Department.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 Thousands of Clinton supporters\u00a0\u2013 many\u00a0of whom believed\u00a0they were receiving updates on Saturday\u2019s democratic primaries \u2013 were shocked to discover an email purportedly sent from the former secretary of state on Sunday that included an attached .zip file containing classified material. The attached file consisted of several documents, one of which appeared to \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-04-20T15:44:25+00:00", "title": "Sanders: There Aren't Enough Jewish Delis in Washington, D.C.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/bernie-sanders-there-arent-enough-jewish-delis-in-washington-d-c/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. Bernie Sanders had some choice words for Washington on Wednesday. The Vermont senator and Democratic presidential candidate sharply criticized the nations capital over what he called a distinct lack of diversity. You walk around Washington, D.C. and whats the first thing you notice? Sanders asked, continuing, They dont have a single Jewish deli within walking distance of the White House.\nTo make matters worse, Senator Sanders said that according to Google Maps, the closest deli, DGS Delicatessen, is purportedly a fifteen minute walk from the White House. But they dont take into account the amount of time you spend at the cross walk waiting for a walk signal or  god forbid  they have construction and the sidewalks closed and you have to find another route.\nSanders said if elected, he plans to introduce legislation that would allow a Jewish deli to occupy the space currently leased to Old Ebbitt Grill. Often referred to as D.C.s oldest dining salon, Old Ebbitt Grill is situated on 15th Street just a stones throw from the White House.\nIn Manhattan you can toss a bottle out your car window and hit at least five Jewish delis before the bottle breaks, Sanders said before adding he doesnt condone littering. The point is: you have four eateries within a two-minute walk from the White House and not one of them caters to the Jewish community. Its appalling that in 2016 we still have to trek halfway across town for a decent pastrami sandwich.\nOn Tuesday, the Brooklyn native lost his home states Democratic primary to his rival, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton. Sanders loss in New York is being viewed by many as a potentially devastating blow to his campaign. Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Clinton camp, voiced concern that Sanders could end becoming a Ralph Nader-type who could inadvertently help Donald Trump win the presidential election by deflecting votes from Mrs. Clinton.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - Bernie Sanders sharply criticized the nation's capital over what he called a \"distinct lack\" of diversity."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-04T12:51:25+00:00", "title": "Clinton Staffer: Hillary Wont Debate Sanders Due to Candidate's B.O.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/clinton-staffer-hillary-wont-debate-sanders-due-to-candidates-profound-b-o/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign told CNNs Brooke Baldwin on Monday that the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential candidate has qualms about appearing at a live debate with Bernie Sanders due to the senators distinctive body odor.\nMrs. Clinton suffers from a rare disorder that causes an inflammation in her olfactory receptor neurons, which  in laymans terms  means her sense of smell remains at a significantly heightened state, explained Eric Bock, a senior strategist for the Clinton campaign. Bock cited Sanders unkempt image as a likely cause for the candidates putrid body odor, adding that in the past, Clinton has resorted to shoving cotton balls up her nose in order to endure extended appearances with the senator.\nBock said the possibility of a future debate with Sanders rests entirely on whether or not the Vermont senator responds to repeated requests from the Clinton campaign to submit to a brief pre-debate hygiene test meant to ensure Sanders meets Clintons strict standards of cleanliness. Presently, weve yet to receive a response from the Sanders camp, said Bock.\nClintons senior campaign strategist later told CNN that the request itself is not unique. Mrs. Clinton demands the highest levels of cleanliness in all aspects of her life, Bock said, continuing, Prior to her arrival at an event, every surface must be thoroughly cleaned with unscented disinfectant; carpets and floors are to be shampooed and polished; heating an air conditioning vents need to be inspected for dust; even her Secret Service detail is restricted to unscented deodorant which must be approved before use.\nMichael Briggs, a spokesman for Bernie Sanders presidential campaign has accusedHillary Clinton of playing silly political games and sidestepping opportunities to debate with the Vermont senator in the coming weeks. In a statement released Sunday, Briggs said he hoped the Clinton campaign would accept a request to debate on April 10, one of four dates proposed by the Sanders camp ahead of New Yorks primaries. Briggs, however, failed to address Sanders body odor as well as repeated requests from the Clinton camp to mask it.\nAs of Monday, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton remained ahead in the polls, holding steady at 49.8% according toThe Huffington Post. Meanwhile, Vermont senator Bernie Sanders was not far behind at 42.7%.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign told CNN\u2019s Brooke Baldwin on Monday that the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential candidate has qualms about appearing at a live debate with Bernie Sanders due to the senator\u2019s \u201cdistinctive\u201d body odor. \u201cMrs. Clinton suffers from a rare disorder that causes an inflammation in \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-09-12T00:21:14+00:00", "title": "Joe The Plumber Caught Trying to Enter North Korea", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/joe-the-plumber-caught-trying-to-enter-north-korea/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Dpr.  North Koreas state-runCentral News Agency reportedFriday that Samuel Wurzelbacher, better known as Joe the Plumber, was detained by aKorean PeoplesArmy patrol as he tried to cross into North Korea from neighboring China.\nThe U.S. Department of State confirmed late last night that Mr. Wurzelbacheris being heldin Pyongyangby North Korean authorities. At this time the United States isworking with the North Korean government to ensure Mr. Wurzelbachers safety, a State Department spokesperson said Saturday.\nIn a televised statement released by the Korean Central News Agency, Mr. Wurzelbacher, who appeared comfortable and not under duress, said, I have, by my own free will, made the decision to renounce my U.S. citizenship and defect to the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea. Mr. Wurzelbachersaid he isfed up with life under the quasi-socialist Obama regime and wants to start a new life in the hermit kingdom. I am a worker, Wurzelbacher said. My place is here with the Workers Party of Korea.\nThe 41 year-old Toledo, Ohio native made national headlines in 2008 after he asked then-presidential candidate Barack Obamaabout his small business policy during a taped campaign stop. Following the exchange, the McCain-Palin campaign dubbed Wurzelbacher, a registered Republican, Joe the Plumber.\nTensions between North Korea and the West remain shaky at best following an annual full-scale military exercise carried out by the United States and South Korea last month. On September 8th, North Korea announced it plans to launch a long-range missile on October 10th to mark the 70th anniversary of the founding of its Workers Party.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "North Korea reported Friday that Samuel Wurzelbacher, better known as Joe the Plumber, was detained by a KPA patrol as he tried to cross into North Korea."}
{"published_time": "2015-12-10T03:39:59+00:00", "title": "Pastor Joel Osteen Announces 2016 Presidential Bid", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/12/pastor-joel-osteen-announces-2016-presidential-bid/", "text": "HOUSTON, Tx.  Joel Osteen, the fifty-two year-old Senior Pastor at Houstons non-denominational Lakewood Church, announced during a special sermon Sunday that he intends to run for president of the United States on the 2016 ticket as an Independent.\nWith a weekly attendance of just over forty-three thousand parishioners and an online audience totaling well over seven million, Pastor Osteen is no stranger to the spotlight. God wants to heal America, Osteen proclaimedbefore an enthusiasticcongregation Sunday, But in order to do it, he needs your help.\nOsteen, who hasdecided to run as anIndependentfor moral reasons, has been described as a charismatic leader who delivers a message of positivity and redemption.The son of a Baptist minister,Osteen believes the bulk of the issues facing Americans today can be solved through prayer. I encourage people, even unbelievers, to turn to God, Osteen said, adding, He is the creator. He has a purpose for us.\nPastor Osteen said if elected in 2016, one of his first orders of business will be to extend an invitation to the leaders of the Islamic State, including Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, to join him for lunch at the White House. I want to take these guys and say, Look, we have our differences and lets not forget that. But lets also look at what God gave us. Lets be thankful for what we have.\nOsteen said hes confident that after a face-to-face meeting,al-Baghdadi and other extremists will lay down their weapons and embrace a positive change in theirlifestyle. Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how youre going to live your life, Osteen said. Deep down, [al-Baghdadi] wants to be happy. He wants to lead a fulfilling life. He may not yet know it, but its not so far out of reach.\nJoel Osteen, who officially filed his candidacy with the FEC last week, is already climbing in the polls despite having only just entered the race. According to a Galluppoll released Thursday morning, Pastor Osteen isnearly neckand neck withDemocratic Senator Bernie Sanders.\nFormer Secretary of State Hillary Clinton maintains a strong lead for the Democrats while former reality TV star Donald Trump continues to hold steady for the GOP, despite a recent call from the billionaire entrepreneurto ban Muslims from entering the United States.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Pastor Joel Osteen of Houston's Lakewood Church announced during his sermon Sunday that he intends to run for president on the 2016 Democratic ticket."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-26T13:13:10+00:00", "title": "Vladimir Putin Advising Trump on Post-Election Media Interaction", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/vladimir-putin-advising-trump-on-post-election-media-interaction/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Russian president Vladimir Putin has reportedly been coaching GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump on post-election relations with the media, a spokesperson for the Trump campaign told theAssociated Presson Friday.\nThe meetings have, thus far, been extremely productive, said Trump spokesperson Katrina Pearson. President Putin, who has a wealth of knowledge and experience in media relations, has provided Mr. Trump with an immeasurable amount of advice. Communicating via video conference, Mr. Putin is said to have opened Trumps eyes to the disadvantages a free press poses to a successful leadership.\nRight now, of course, the media plays a very important role in getting Mr. Trumps message out to the American people, Ms. Pearson admitted. But once hes sworn in as Commander-in-chief, hes going to need to use those first twenty-four to forty-eight hours in office to really set the tone as far as future interactions with the media and what is and isnt appropriate to print.\nIn order to do this, Russias president has suggested Mr. Trump draw up a list of his biggest and most vocal critics and have them publicly executed on the White House lawn or, perhaps, the National Mall in order to set an example. Ideally, the media should be seen as an extension of the Executive Office rather than a critic of it, said Pearson, using countries such as Russia, China, and North Korea as examples. State-sponsored media is one of the reasons these nations have maintained such a strong and sound leadership for as long as they have, Pearson pointed out.\nAccording to Vladimir Putin, one of the biggest problems Donald Trump will face as a potential successor to Barack Obama will be finding a way to limit certain freedoms afforded to the press under the First Amendment. Unlike President Obama, who is a student of constitutional law, [Trump] will have to rely on his cabinet to find ways to circumvent the Constitution if he wishes to maintain control of the media, president Putin toldRadio Mayak, a state-owned Russian radio station.\nShould Trump win the presidential election, Putin has pledged to dispatch one of his top advisers from the Kremlin to Washington with orders to provide guidance and other non-traditional forms of assistance to the new administration.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Russian president Vladimir Putin has reportedly been coaching GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump on post-election relations with the media."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-11T11:57:32+00:00", "title": "Fox News Hails Fall of al Qaeda as ISIS Obliterates Mideast", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/fox-news-celebrates-demise-of-al-qaeda-as-isis-obliterates-middle-east/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Anchors on the show Happening Now, a daytime two hour-long segment which airs on the Fox News Channel, celebrated the near collapse of al Qaeda this morning. While male anchor Jon Scott uncorked a bottle of champagne live on air, co-host Jenna Lee credited the fall of al Qaeda, in part, to the actions of former two-term president and amateur painter George W. Bush.\nAl Qaeda, perhaps best known for their successful attacks in New York and Washington on September 11, 2001, as well as becoming the main catalyst for the erosion of American civil liberties, was, up until May 2, 2011, led by Osama bin Laden. Fox News anchor Jenna Lee described bin Laden as a man who wouldve been better suited for the Saudi NBA if it werent for the onset of kidney failure.\nAccording to a report released by The Guardian and paraphrased by Fox News, ISIS is partially to thank for the fall of al Qaeda. After pouring himself and co-host Jenna Lee a second glass of champagne, Scott explained to Fox News viewers in laymans terms that al Qaeda is losing a significant amount of recruits and money to the Islamic State. Additionally ISIS fighters have reportedly beheaded ten Taliban fighters in Afghanistan while more are being killed in Libya. Both Scott and Lee held their champagne glasses up for the camera, presumably in a toast to the Islamic State, before a smiling Scott said, The enemy of my enemy is my friend.\nLater on the show, self-described womens rights champion and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee made a guest appearance to discuss the ever-growing role of women in the Islamic State. It is my belief that women should play a supportive role, if any, in the formation of the Islamic State, the former Governor of Arkansas said. Mr. Huckabee added that he holds a strong traditional view of women and doesnt believe they should be subjected to combat, rather they should be treated with respect and dignity.\nIn May, leading GOP congressmen criticized the current ISIS strategy, with many in the Republican party saying the Islamic State needed to kill more children. However, in light of new information revealed in The Guardians report, a number of Republicans, including Mike Huckabee, are applaudIng ISIS for finally falling in line with American foreign policy.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Anchors on 'Happening Now,' a daytime two hour-long segment which airs on the Fox News Channel, celebrated the \"near collapse\" of al Qaeda this morning."}
{"published_time": "2015-09-30T02:25:15+00:00", "title": "John Boehner Applies for Swiss Citizenship", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/09/john-boehner-applies-for-swiss-citizenship/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Soon-to-be former Speaker of the House John Boehner visited the Embassy of Switzerland in Washington this week where he officially applied for Swiss citizenship, The Washington Post reported today.\nBoehner, who announced his resignation shortly after meeting privately with Pope Francis last week, told Fox News the encounter left him questioning his role not just in the politicalsensebut in life itself. The Republican congressman saidhe tooka nighttoreflect and pray before reaching the decision to resign as Speaker of the House and apply for Swiss citizenship.\nIve been called upon by Godto live out my remaining years in service to the Holy See, Boehnertold Fox News, adding that once hes granted citizenshiphe intends to enlist in the Swiss Armed Forces. In a years time Ill be eligible toapplyfor the Pontifical Swiss Guard, Boehner said, referring toVatican Citysde facto military force.\nThe Pontifical Swiss Guard has been responsible for the safety of the Pope and the Apostolic Palace since 1506 and consists of approximately 110 foot soldiers. In addition to Swiss citizenship, admission into the Swiss Guard requires that applicantsare Roman Catholic,between the age of 19 and 30, and are unmarried.\nWhen asked by this reporter if he was aware of the age and marital requirements necessary for service in the Swiss Guard, Mr. Boehner declined to comment.\nSpeaker Boehner announced Wednesdaythat the House will hold elections on October 8th to determine his replacement.Congressman Kevin McCarthyof California, currently the second-ranking HouseRepublican,is considered to be the top candidate for the job.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Soon-to-be former Speaker of the House John Boehner visited the Embassy of Switzerland this week where he officially applied for Swiss citizenship."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-22T12:18:35+00:00", "title": "Trump Taps Jorge Eduardo Sanchez as His New Campaign Manager", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/donald-trump-taps-jorge-eduardo-sanchez-new-campaign-manager/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump announced on Wednesday that he has hired Jorge Eduardo Sanchez, a former tortilla maker from Guadalajara, Mexico, to replace Paul Manafort, his former campaign manager who was fired last week.\nTrump, who introduced the forty-four year-old Sanchez during a press conference at Trump Tower, said he made the decision to hire the Mexican immigrant as part of a strategic effort to lessen costs associated with his presidential campaign. These guys are great, Trump said, referring to Mr. Sanchez. Ill tell you, they dont ask for much and they work for cheap but they do a fantastic job.\nSanchez, who emigrated to the United States from Mexico on Saturday, expressed the utmost confidence in Trumps presidential campaign. Seor Donald is good man, he give me job, he told Fox News, adding, I love George Bush. I love America. Sanchez said that prior to embarking on foot to the United States last weekend, he left his nine year-old son Miguel in charge of the family business. He make the tortilla now, Sanchez said.\nTrumps ability to adequately fund his campaign came into question this week after a report published by the Federal Election Commission showed the GOP candidate has raised significantly less money than his competitors. For example, in May, Mr. Trump brought in about $3 million in campaign contributions while Hillary Clinton received over $26 million.\nI understand money more than anybody, Trump told NBCs Today. After we do the convention in July, were laying off our entire staff, who  by the way  have been really great. But were firing everybody and bringing on a very diverse group of people who, I can assure you, arent going to have a problem working for meager wages.\nIn fact, Trump continued, I spoke to my campaign manager Jorge early this morning and he told me that his brother  or possibly his mother  is extremely interested in coming to America and being a part of my campaign, can you believe that? And we have people like Hillary Clinton telling people that Mexicans hate me.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump announced on Wednesday that he has hired Jorge Eduardo Sanchez, a former tortilla maker from..."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-19T08:55:27+00:00", "title": "Trump: I Would Have Prevented the Asteroid From Killing Dinosaurs", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/trump-i-would-have-prevented-the-asteroid-from-killing-the-dinosaurs/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  During an interview Monday morning on Fox & Friends, Republican presidential frontrunner and billionaire entrepreneurDonald Trumpsaid had hebeen alive 65 million years ago,he would have preventedthe six-mile wide asteroid,whichimpacted the earth and causeda mass extinction,from wiping out the dinosaurs.\nYou have these people, these scientists, whosay bad luck killed the dinosaurs. Thats categorically false, Trump told Fox & Friends co-hostElisabeth Hasselbeck. Poor planning and lack of organization killed the dinosaurs.Comparing prehistoric life to American politics, Trump said, Youve got the carnivores on one hand and the herbivores on the other. They cant agree on anything; theres no common ground. Me, I make deals for a living and you know what,Im very good at it. I would have found that common ground.\nYou take my experience, my decades upon decadesof experience with high-stakes negotiations, and you put me on the ground sixty or seventy-five million years ago, Trump said, continuing,The dinosaurs would be alive today. Wed be coexisting with them in perfect harmony. Thats a fact.\nWhen asked by Hasselbeck as to what kind of dinosaur he would be, Trump dodged the question, calling it irrelevant. Im not going to answer that, he snapped before abruptly changing the subject to immigration.\nSome sixty-five million years ago, dinosaurs, which existed from the beginning of the Jurassic period until the end of the Cretaceous period, were the dominant species on earth. Scientists believe an asteroid known as the Chicxulub,which struck the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico, leaving a 180 kilometer wide crater, led to the extinction of the dinosaurs.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "\"You have these people, these scientists, who say 'bad luck' killed the dinosaurs. That's categorically false,\" Trump told co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-13T09:35:21+00:00", "title": "Former Aide Says RNC Offered Obama $500,000 to Revoke Trump's Citizenship - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/former-aide-says-rnc-offered-obama-500000-to-revoke-trumps-citizenship/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus has denied allegations that his office offered the Obama administration upwards of five hundred thousand dollars to revoke Donald Trumps U.S. citizenship, a move that if executed, would render the billionaire entrepreneur ineligible for the presidency.\nThese allegations are baseless and quite frankly insulting, Mr. Priebus toldThe Washington Examiner on Tuesday. The chairman added that the RNC has had zero contact with the White House since George W. Bush left office in 2009. To even insinuate that we would engage those people demonstrates a complete and utter lack of understanding of the ethics and principles that guide the Republican party.\nThe damning accusations were brought to light earlier this week by the aide of a former stafferaffiliated with the RNCs African-American outreach program who stepped down in late March. The aide, who spoke toThe New York Timeson condition of anonymity, said the top brass at the RNC have gone into panic mode over the possibility of Trump clinching the nomination. Theyre racking their brains trying to come up with a viable solution to stop him, the aide said. At one point there was talk of paying off [Trumps] personal pilot to plant certain items in his luggage and fly him unannounced to North Korea.\nWhite House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, when questioned on the matter, contradicted the RNC chairman, saying President Obama was in fact in the process of considering a formal request hed received from the GOP leadership to revoke Mr. Trumps citizenship. However, Secretary Earnest said President Obama has issued a counter-offer to the RNC asking for an additional $500,000 to expedite the process. At this time, the president is waiting to hear back from Mr. Priebus regarding his proposal, Earnest said.\nOn Tuesday night, GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump appearedwith his family at a CNN-hosted town hall event in New York City where he accused the Republican Party of conspiring to deny him the presidential nomination. They changed the rules a number of months ago, Trump said, referring to the RNC leadership. You know why they changed the rules? Because they saw how I was doing and they didnt like it.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus has denied allegations that his office offered the Obama administration upwards of five hundred thousand dollars to revoke Donald Trump\u2019s U.S. citizenship, a move that if executed, would render the billionaire entrepreneur ineligible for the presidency. \u201cThese allegations are baseless and quite frankly insulting,\u201d Mr. Priebus \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-07-12T09:45:04+00:00", "title": "Donald Trump: Deport 1st and 2nd Generation Immigrants", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/donald-trump-calls-for-the-immediate-deportation-of-all-1st-and-2nd-generation-immigrants/", "text": "PHOENIX, Az.  Speaking at the Phoenix Convention Center during an event hosted by the Maricopa Republican Party yesterday, presidential candidate and billionaire reality television star Donald Trump laid out his plan to make America great again. In front of a crowd of nearly sixteen thousand enthusiastic supporters, Mr. Trump, who was joined on stage by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, addressed the audience, saying that, if elected, his first order of business as President of the United States will be the immediate deportation of all first and second generation immigrants.\nI can assure you, Mr. Trump said, my priority, my first priority, is that of the American worker. I will be the best jobs President this country has ever seen. In order to do that, Trump will create a record-breaking forty-four million new jobs for hardworking Americans within [his] first week in office. Mr. Trump intends to issue an executive order directing the National Guard to round up and deport an estimated 32.8 million first and second generation immigrants and an additional 11 million undocumented immigrants currently residing in the United States.\nUndocumented immigrants kill more Americans each year than car accidents and cigarette smoking combined. But thats not something Mr. Obama and the liberal media will tell you, Mr. Trump said. Undocumented or not, these people are a threat. Trump said in order to keep American taxpayers from suffering the costs of deportation, he will have the deportees shipped back to Mexico aboard boxcars.\nMr. Trump then reiterated his plan to build a great wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to keep the immigrants and terrorists from crossing into the United States. Using extravagant hand gestures, Trump described the wall in great detail, declaring it to be thirty-two meters of impenatrable concrete lined with electrified razor wire and protected at the base by an eighteen meter deep moat filled with iron spikes. Trump said he will hold the Mexican government responsible for maintaining cleanliness on their side of the wall.\nComing on the heels of Mr. Trumps most recent anti-immigrant remarks, yet another company has decided to sever ties with the GOP frontrunner. Lupes Toupees, a prominent Mexican-owned wig designer, which has reportedly provided Mr. Trump with quality hairpieces for the last forty-two years is asking Mr. Trump to take his business elsewhere.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Presidential candidate and billionaire reality television star Donald Trump laid out his plan to \"make America great again.\""}
{"published_time": "2016-10-30T14:56:53+00:00", "title": "FBI to Formally Endorse GOP Candidate Donald Trump for President", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/federal-bureau-investigation-formally-endorse-donald-trump-president/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey, will announce his agencys support for Republican presidential candidate Donald J. Trump this week, a senior official with the Department of Justice confirmed on Sunday. The high profile endorsement is expected to give Trump a significant boost in the polls and may even help sway last-minute undecided voters.\nI was endorsed by ICE, I was endorsed by over ninety admirals and generals, and now you have the FBI coming out and saying theyre going to endorse me, Trump told supporters at the Phoenix Convention Center in Arizona on Saturday. Folks, these are people who have been investigating Crooked Hillarys thirty-three thousand missing emails since day one. And now theyre endorsing me. What does that tell you?\nThe news of such an unprecedented endorsement comes less than forty-eight hours after Director Comey publicly announced the FBIs decision to reopen its investigation into the former Secretary of States private email servers. In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation, Director Comey wrote in a letter delivered to congressional leaders on Friday.\nCiting an ongoing investigation, the director would not confirm specific details surrounding the newly discovered emails but an official with intimate knowledge of the inquiry, who spoke toThe Washington Poston condition of anonymity, said the emails are an eleven on a scale of one to ten. However, in an effort to reduce the likelihood that news of the renewed investigation might play a role in influencing the presidential election, Director Comey has agreed to wait until Wednesday, November 9, to update congress on the FBIs findings.\nWith the election less than ten days away, Democrats and moderate Republicans are lashing out at the FBI directors handling of the new information surrounding Clintons private email server. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called Comeys decision to go public pretty strange and later expressed frustration over the long-time Republicans efforts to help Donald Trump confuse, mislead, and discourage the American people.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey, will announce his agency's support for Republican presidential..."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-13T10:07:48+00:00", "title": "Doc: Clinton Tests Postive for High Levels of Dihydrogen Monoxide", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/doctor-says-clinton-has-extremely-high-levels-dihydrogen-monoxide-system/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Less than forty-eight hours after Hillary Clinton nearly collapsed while attempting to leave a ceremony in New York honoring the victims of the September 11, 2001 terror attacks, the Democratic presidential nominees personal physician revealed that Mrs. Clinton has been found to have extremely high levels of a chemical known as dihydrogen monoxide in her system.\nPrior to [Clintons] pneumonia diagnosis, we ran a series of tests to determine her overall health, Dr. Raymond Davis, Clintons primary care provider, said during an appearance onGood Morning America on Tuesday. What weve learned from those tests is that Mrs. Clintons body weight is currently made up of nearly 68% dihydrogen monoxide. The startling revelation comes at a time when Clinton has once again found herself in the spotlight for failing to disclose important details surrounding her health.\nLike the toxic chemical ricin, dihydrogen monoxide (DHMO) occurs naturally and can be found in a number of industrial products including pesticides, solvents, and Styrofoam. This is something that can have extremely adverse effects on the human body, Dr. Davis explained. When handled improperly, dihydrogen monoxide has the ability to inflict severe burns. Further, a study conducted by the World Health Organization shows an estimated 370,000 people are killed annually as a result of dihydrogen monoxide inhalation.\nThe question now is how on earth Secretary Clinton was able to ingest this much DHMO in the first place, questioned Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel. The obvious answer is this is yet another example of a complete and total lack of transparency on part of the Clinton campaign, Siegel continued. And to pull a stunt of this magnitude on the anniversary of 9/11; I cant think of a bigger insult to the American people.\nMeanwhile, Dr. Raymond Davis told Good Morning America that his office was specifically asked by Clintons campaign manager not to leak the DHMO report to the media. It was my decision to circumvent the Hippocratic Oath on this one, Dr. Davis said, adding, The public deserves to know the truth.\nThis isnt the first time dihydrogen monoxide has made headlines. In 2007, the Australian parliament made an unsuccessful attempt to ban international use of the chemical after DHMO was revealed to be a major contributor to the greenhouse effect. More recently, in August of 2016, Washington, D.C.s Department of Public Works noted in a quarterly report that dangerously high levels of dihydrogen monoxide are present in the Districts water supply.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NEW YORK, Ny. - Less than forty-eight hours after Hillary Clinton nearly collapsed while attempting to leave a ceremony in New York honoring the victims..."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-22T13:46:21+00:00", "title": "Trump Refused to Concede After Losing '94 Monopoly Game to Ivanka", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/former-nanny-says-trump-refused-admit-defeat-monopoly-game-ivanka/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  A former au pair for the Trump family told theNew York Post on Friday that Republican presidential candidate and former reality TV star Donald J. Trump refused to speak to his eldest daughter, Ivanka, for nearly nine months after losing a heated game of Monopoly to her in the summer of 1994.\nMr. Trump was very adamant that the game had been rigged against him, Maria Gomez told thePost. He said the dice had weights in them and that nobody ever lands on Boardwalk. Mrs. Gomez, who served as Ivankas live-in nanny from 1987 until 1998, said the billionaire entrepreneur was absolutely livid that hed lost the popular real estate trading game to a thirteen year-old girl. Mr. Trump picked up the box with all the money in it and threw it out the window, recalled Mrs. Gomez. He said, Nobody knows real estate better than me, okay? and put on his jacket and stormed out of the room.\nHowever, Trumps outburst was far from over. The self-made billionaire reportedly left his posh Manhattan residence in a fit of rage, ordering his chauffeur, Mikhail, to drive straight to a private runway at JFK International Airport where his personal Boeing 757 jet airliner sat fueled and waiting on the tarmac. Trump was whisked away to Florida where he remained in seclusion for weeks at Mar-a-Lago, his lavish $300 million Palm Beach ocean-side estate. Mr. Trump made it clear to the help that anyone caught playing Monopoly with the children would be fired on the spot and deported, said Mrs. Gomez, who was granted U.S. citizenship in 2005.\nThe startling disclosure comes mere days after the billionaire businessman announced that he will refuse to accept the results of the election in the event Hillary Clinton is voted into office. I will take a look at the time, he said when asked pointedly as to whether he would accept defeat.\nThe GOP hopeful has gone so far in recent months as to warn supporters of his presidential campaign that the U.S. election process is rigged. Its rigged, folks. Okay? Its rigged, Trump told an immense crowd in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday. Ive seen this kind of thing before many, many years ago when my own daughter Ivanka  a thirteen year-old girl  she beat me at a game of Monopoly, he said. And you know what, folks, she shouldnt have. She absolutely should not have; I had Boardwalk, I had Park Place, and I had all the Railroads. But the fact, ladies and gentlemen, is the odds are stacked against you. They are stacked against you and they are rigged.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Donald Trump refused to speak to his eldest daughter, Ivanka, for nearly nine months after losing a heated game of Monopoly to her in the summer of 1994."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-29T13:13:53+00:00", "title": "Donald Trump to Order DOJ to Jail 'Millions' of Illegal Voters", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/donald-trump-order-justice-department-jail-millions-illegal-voters/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President-elect Donald J. Trump on Tuesday vowed to hunt down and imprison more than two million people who he claims voted illegally in the 2016 U.S. presidential election earlier this month. President Obama may have tolerated this kind of rampant voter fraud and that may very well have been why he served two terms  I dont know, thats something well look into  but this type of behavior will not be tolerated under my administration, Trump toldThe Washington Post.\nWithin the first week of his presidency, Trump has promised to instruct his presumptive Attorney General, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, to launch a federal task force charged with identifying and ultimately imprisoning millions of American citizens and illegal immigrants for their role in allegedly attempting to sway the U.S. election in favor of Hillary Clinton. We have so much evidence on these people, you wouldnt even believe it, just mountains of evidence and, believe me, it keeps pouring in, Trump toldThe Post. Its a very scary thing when you look at what these people are doing to our country.\nIn a tweet published Sunday evening, the former reality TV star turned president-elect alleged he would have won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally by presumably casting their ballots in favor of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. The former Secretary of State won the popular vote by more than two million ballots but failed to secure enough electoral votes to win the election.\nWe will see to it that each and every one of these individuals is held accountable for what are  quite frankly  despicable and downright treasonous crimes against the United States, said a high-ranking member of Trumps transition team, who spoke on condition of anonymity to Real News Right Nowon Tuesday.The official said the Trump team is working with lawyers at the Department of Justice to determine whether those convicted of voter fraud can be sentenced to hard labor and tasked with constructing a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico.\nWhen you have upwards of two million able-bodied individuals working under the watchful eyes of armed correctional officers, you had better believe that wall will be up in no time, the official said, continuing, Im reminded of an old German saying, Arbeit macht frei. It literally means work sets you free, and I think this is the message that the President-elect wishes to convey to these individuals. Yes, youve broken the law. Yes, youre going to pay for your crimes. But there is a chance for redemption.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President-elect Donald J. Trump on Tuesday vowed to hunt down and imprison more than two million people who he claims \"voted illegally.\""}
{"published_time": "2016-10-06T09:45:17+00:00", "title": "Gary Johnson Unable to Find Washington, D.C. on a Map", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-unable-find-washington-d-c-map/", "text": "ATLANTA, Ga.  During a campaign event in Atlanta on Wednesday, Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson failed to successfully locate the nations capital on a map of the United States. If I remember correctly, its right here, Johnson said as he placed his index finger on Wilmington, Delaware.\nMoments later, the former governor of New Mexico gave it a second try, this time identifying Elizabeth City, North Carolina, as the iconic U.S. Capital. On the third and final attempt  and once Johnsons running mate, former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld, offered some assistance  the Libertarian nominee was able to locate the District of Columbia somewhere in the vicinity of Baltimore, Maryland.\nI dont believe that not knowing the precise location of Washington, D.C. should disqualify me from leading this country, Johnson later stated, adding that as President of the United States, he wouldnt be doing much driving anyway. I plan to spend my free time focusing on the issues, the candidate explained. Ill leave the directions up to the computers.\nWhile the former New Mexico governor may be about as informed as the average middle class voter, Johnsons supporters say his lack of knowledge simply proves how refreshingly disconnected he is from the political spectrum. You want to talk progressive, heres a guy who doesnt even know the meaning of partisan politics, said Dr. Alexander Starkey, an associate professor of sociology at the University of California in Berkeley. You cant get much more progressive than that.\nA spokesman for the Johnson campaign confirmed early Thursday that the Libertarian Partys presidential nominee has yet to receive a formal invitation to the second presidential debate scheduled for Sunday, October 9, in St. Louis, Missouri. Were working to figure out where the invitation may have ended up, Johnsons campaign spokesman, Joe Hunter, toldReal News Right Now. Hunter said officials recently made the decision to upgrade the campaigns primary method of contact from a post office box to a Yahoo email account.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson failed to successfully locate the nation's capital on a map of the United States."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-03T14:10:12+00:00", "title": "Podesta Emails Shed Light on Clinton's High-End Amazon Purchases", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/podesta-emails-shed-light-clintons-high-end-amazon-purchases/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A seemingly run-of-the-mill email exchange uncovered in Wikileaks most recent release of hacked Podesta emails sheds light on the staggering extent of former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clintons frivolous spending habits on Amazon and other web-based retail outlets.\nThis is beyond anything weve ever seen, political analyst and former Republican strategist H. Roman Brewer told MSNBCs Brian Williams on Thursday. Brewer and his team have spent the last week combing through thousands of Amazon confirmation emails that were forwarded by Hillary Clinton to campaign chair John Podestas email account. In 2015, Mrs. Clinton spent more than $340,000 on cat grooming products and accessories alone, said Brewer. The frightening thing is she doesnt have an Amazon Prime account so shes gotta be paying through the roof on shipping costs.\nHowever, Mrs. Clintons extraneous spending isnt limited to cyber purchases. According to a set of overlooked emails included in Wikileaks March 2016 release, the Clintons used funds from their non-profit foundation to have the basement of their multi-million dollar home in Chappaqua, New York, carpeted with sisal fabric  a material associated with cat scratching posts  and outfitted with wall-to-wall cat jungle gyms. Completed in April of 2015, just days before Clinton announced her bid for the presidency, the $1.8 million basement renovations included a 2,4000 square-foot living space meant to accommodate more than three dozen cats.\nBill and Hillary have gone to great lengths to keep their pets out of the public eye, explained Bob Wagner, a private investigator hired in 2007 by the Edwards campaign to look in to the Clintons private life. They stopped registering their pets with the state of New York after Bill left office in 2001, Wagner told The Washington Examiner.\nWagner and others have raised speculation over whether the secrecy surrounding the Clintons house pets could be due to the possibility that the felines have been used as a form of payment for services rendered by the Clinton Foundation. A string of emails between John Podesta and Huma Abedin seem to suggest as much, said H. Roman Brewer. There was some discussion about a recent gift from the state of Qatar in the form of three ashera cats. The custom-bred house cats have been known to fetch upwards of $125,000 a piece.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A seemingly run-of-the-mill email exchange uncovered in Wikileaks' most recent release of hacked Podesta emails sheds light on the staggering extent of...."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-08T14:04:10+00:00", "title": "Trump Takes Heat for Ninety-Minute Skype Session with Kim Jong-Un", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/trump-takes-heat-90-minute-skype-session-kim-jong-un/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  President-elect Donald J. Trump received backlash from Democrats and members of the intelligence community on Thursday when it came to light that he engaged in a ninety-minute Skype video session last weekend with North Koreas Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un. Trump described the unprecedented discussion  which critics have called a clear violation of U.S. protocol  as extraordinary, saying the North Korean dictator appeared to be in very good health.\nWe had a wonderful conversation, the former reality TV star said of Kim. Hes very different from the way hes portrayed by the media and, you know, thats something I can relate to. Trump said he was surprised by exactly how much he and the Supreme Leader have in common. We both love meatloaf, Trump exclaimed. He said he eats it all the time. I said You ought to come to New York, Ill give you the best meatloaf youve ever had in your life.\nAside from sharing a love of baked ground meat, Trump and his North Korean counterpart discussed a wide range of issues including the economy, nuclear proliferation, and the reunification of North and South Korea. Trump, who repeatedly made the assertion during his campaign that more countries should have nuclear weapons, said he was willing to look into the possibility of loosening certain sanctions against the North Korean regime that might hinder the progress of its nuclear program. If they had that nuclear threat, Im sure it would be very good thing in terms of helping to unify the Korean peninsula, the president-elect said.\nFor his part, Mr. Trump said he offered praise for North Koreas single-party political system. I told him it was a very impressive thing to have such a successful political party that has lasted so long in that country. During his nearly two-hour long conversation with the Supreme Leader, Mr. Trump expressed an interest in implementing a similar single-party system in the United States as part of his effort to unite the country. I think it would be very good thing to have, said Trump, adding, Youd see a change in this country like you wouldnt believe.\nVice president-elect Mike Pence, who heads Trumps transition team, described the ninety-minute Skype session as very casual, tellingThe New York Times that its not unusual for world leaders to reach out following an election. This was the elected leader of the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea  a democracy very similar to ours  offering his congratulations and good wishes, the vice president-elect explained. Mr. Pence said he believes the call will have little to no impact on U.S.-South Korean relations.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President-elect Donald Trump received backlash when it came to light that he engaged in a ninety-minute Skype session with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-02T09:57:30+00:00", "title": "NFL Says Exoskeleton Prototype May Allow Romo to Play this Season", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/nfl-officials-say-exoskeleton-prototype-may-allow-romo-play-2016-season/", "text": "DALLAS, Tx.  Officials with the National Football League on Friday announced that Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo has been given the go-ahead to undergo a surgical procedure that would permanently affix a new type of exoskeleton designed for use by U.S. special operations forces to his back and lower body.\nWeve been presented with a unique opportunity to work alongside those who make the ultimate sacrifice for our country, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell announced during a press conference Friday morning. Goodell said he was recently approached by an official with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) who said Tony Romo had been selected from a pool of fifteen injured NFL players to take part in a new Exo Suit program.\nTony Romo suffered a near season-ending back injury last Thursday during a preseason game against the Seattle Seahawks. The thirty-six year-old quarterback took a hit that resulted in a compression fracture to his L1 vertebra, an injury that sources inside the Cowboys camp say could put him out for up to ten weeks. However, that could all change if Romo decides to enter DARPAs program.\nFrom what Ive been told, if he were to go through with it, it would be very beneficial, Commissioner Goodell told reporters. While Goodell wasnt make privy to the inner workings of DARPAs highly classified Exo Suit program, he said that if Romo agrees to be outfitted with the prototype exoskeleton, he will find that he is able to easily surpass the physical limits of the human body.\nFor his part, Tony Romo has yet to agree to the program  at least publicly. The prospect of returning to the field sooner rather than later is, presumably, very appealing to the all-star quarterback. However, in all likelihood, Romo is weighing the negative implications of wearing a prototype exoskeleton for the rest of his life. Whatever the case, Romo will have to make a decision soon or face the possibility of sitting out for at least half the season.", "section": "Sports", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Officials with the NFL on Friday announced that Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo has been given the go-ahead to undergo a surgical procedure that would"}
{"published_time": "2017-01-09T09:12:05+00:00", "title": "Former Drug Exec Martin Shkreli Buys Controlling Stake in Twitter", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/former-pharmacutical-exec-martin-shkreli-buys-controlling-stake-twitter/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Former U.S. drug executive Martin Shkreli, who was suspended from Twitter on Sunday for harassing a female journalist, has purchased a controlling stake in the social media service for an estimated $7.1 billion with the intent of reinstating his account.\nAs the companys majority shareholder, Martin will have the final say on all matters pertaining to Twitter and its many subsidiaries, explained Jack Dorsey, Twitters co-founder and Chief Executive Officer. Dorsey said the thirty-four year-old Shkreli, who served as CEO for Turing Pharmaceuticals in 2015, aims to reinvent the social media platform in his own image.\nDuring an appearance on CNN Monday morning, Shkreli announced that his first order of business will be to replace Twitters signature bird logo with a likeness of himself. When people think Twitter, theyre going to think Martin Shkreli, Mr. Shkreli toldNew Day co-hostAlisyn Camerota. History will know me as the Martin Luther King, Jr. of social media, he ardently declared, later adding that he has already updated his Wikipedia page to reflect that statement.\nHours after Twitter officials moved to suspend Mr. Shkrelis account over his alleged cyber-harassment ofTeen Vogue editor Lauren Duca, thousands of supporters stormed the companys office in New York City  ransacking the building and making off with thousands of dollars worth of office supplies  in an effort to protest the decision. Martin Shkreli is the lone voice of reason in these trying times, said one supporter who asked to remain anonymous because she had just set fire to a corporate vehicle.\nSources close to Mr. Shkreli say he has organized a surprise party for himself at the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas next weekend. The former hedge fund manager is expected to unveil Twitters new logo during the multi-million dollar bash while also celebrating the reinstatement of his social media account. The event is rumored to be open to the public, however attendees will be asked to pay a $2,500 cover charge at the door.", "section": "Science and Technology", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NEW YORK, Ny. - Former U.S. drug executive Martin Shkreli, who was suspended from Twitter on Sunday for harassing a female journalist, has purchased a..."}
{"published_time": "2017-01-12T12:28:31+00:00", "title": "Poll: Just Over 1 in 3 Americans Would Support an Obama Monarchy", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/new-poll-shows-just-over-1-in-3-americans-would-support-an-obama-monarchy/", "text": "CAMBRIDGE, Ma.  A new Fox News poll conducted during President Obamas farewell address on Tuesday shows that nearly 37% of American voters would adhere to a monarchy-style government under Barack Obama. As a monarch, Mr. Obama would command total power and authority over the United States for life or until abdication.\nWhats interesting about this is it really shows you the immense impact President Obama has made on the lives of ordinary Americans over the last eight years, remarked Martha MacCallum, co-host ofAmerican Newsroom,which airs 9 AM  11 AM EST on Fox News. MacCallum noted that of the 37% in favor, a startling 16% said they would strongly prefer a repressive monarchy under Obama over a constitutional republic under Trump.\nFurther, a large fraction of American voters said theyd be willing to sacrifice certain basic freedoms and rights in order to support an Obama monarchy. Of the options provided, 57% favored relinquishing at least half of their annual income to the monarchy. Meanwhile, 25% of those surveyed said they could do without the right to own firearms if it would please the monarchy and 18% would be willing to give up their right to own land.\nThe poll, which surveyed 1,039 randomly selected registered voters nationwide, suggests that many Americans are fed up with politics as usual in the United States. If weve learned anything from this election, its that people are sick of the status quo, saidBreitbart News Networks chief political analyst Dr. Elliot Stabler. My only concern here is that a monarchy could hinder the spread of nationalism in this country.\nOverall, 92% of those in favor of a monarchy-style government said they were confident Barack Obama would be a fair and just monarch rather than one who is aggressive and unforgiving. While 44% agreed that Mr. Obama should tap his eldest daughter, eighteen year-old Malia Ann, as his successor, more than 63% said they strongly believe fifteen year-old Sasha Obama can be groomed into one day becoming a powerful and influential ruler.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A new Fox News poll conducted during President Barack Obama's farewell address shows that nearly 37% of American voters would adhere to a monarchy under Mr."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-20T15:00:00+00:00", "title": "VeBied Car Service Exploding in Middle East", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/vebied-car-service-exploding-in-middle-east/", "text": "RAMADI, Irq.  Saudi billionaire and entrepreneur Ahmed Bin Talal recently joined forces with former Hezbollah bomb maker Khaled Al-Asad to create VeBied, a car service loosely based on the Uber platform. VeBied launched in February of this year and is available exclusively in the Middle East. Nicknamed The Official Escort Of The Jihad, the company is already reporting huge profits in countries like Iraq, Syria, and Libya.\nSimilar to American companies like Uber and Lyft, users can gain access to the car service simply by logging into the VieBied app through their smartphones. Using GPS, the app lets users know which vehicles are available within a desired radius of their location. Payment is made upon delivery using a third-party Bitcoin service.\nWe offer our clients three pricing tiers, Bin Talal told the Washington Business Journal. Our lowest and most popular option is a compact car or sedan containing roughly five kilograms of plastic explosives in the trunk. From there, prices and vehicle size increase significantly. The third tier option is a box truck packed with five hundred kilograms of ammonium nitrate fuel oil and fertilizer, which, according to the VieBied app is enough to level a five-story apartment building.\nThis is a really impressive business model, says CNNMoney contributor Michael De Santa. Definitely one of the better ideas to come out of the Middle East in the last quarter-century. Potential investors are keeping a watchful eye on VeBied should the company eventually decide to go public. Theyve really managed to capitalize on Mid East consumerism here, De Santa says.\nBin Talal says the company is working to expand its operations in 2016 by adding more vehicle options, including pickups with mounted machine guns and flatbed trucks sporting anti-aircraft weaponry.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "VeBied launched in February of this year and is available exclusively in the Middle East."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-18T11:35:02+00:00", "title": "Developing Story: Kim Jong-un Assassinated", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/developing-story-kim-jong-un-assassinated/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Prk.  North Koreas Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un was reportedly killed today by an unknown assassin in Pyongyang during an official inspection of a newly built training facility for the countrys national football team. Kim was providing on the spot guidance to a group of football players near the Kim Il-sung Stadium when he was struck in the head by a bullet.\nDespite the North Korean regimes best efforts, word of the assassination spread like wildfire throughout the Korean peninsula causing South Korea to deploy additional ground units to the Demilitarized Zone and place their military on high alert. China has reportedly taken similar steps, sending artillery and mechanized units to its border with North Korea.\nPresident Obama has yet to publicly comment on the assassination, but the Central Intelligence Agency, in a rare and unprecedented statement, said the three-generation Kim leadership, dating back to the Korean War, has been receiving covert assistance from the agency. The CIA did not elaborate on the level of support, only referring to it as an experiment.\nThese damning implications raise new questions about who is ultimately responsible for the crimes and atrocities committed by the North Korean regime over the last sixty years. The country has remained in near-total isolation since 1945 when Kim Il-sung, a possible CIA operative, took control of the upper Korean peninsula. Kim Il-sung developed a cult of personality which was passed along to his son Kim Jong-il and finally, grandson, Kim Jong-un. Using fear and intimidation combined with various forms of mind control, which the CIA itself briefly experimented with in the 1950s, the Kim Dynasty was able to subdue the North Korean people for over half a century.\nA high ranking official with the Department of Defense, speaking on condition of anonymity, told this reporter that the United States is quietly deploying three carrier groups to the Sea of Japan. Additionally, the official said, U.S.-based missile defense systems have been placed on the highest alert. When asked, the official refused to confirm or deny whether or not the actions were related to Kim Jong-uns assassination.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "North Korea's Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un was reportedly killed today by an unknown assassin in Pyongyang."}

{"published_time": "2016-10-31T10:40:55+00:00", "title": "Unreleased Biblical Verses Say Adam and Eve Were Not the First Humans", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/unreleased-old-testament-verses-suggest-adam-eve-not-first-humans/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  Newly disclosed portions of some of the earliest known biblical texts pertaining to the Old Testament, which were placed under lock and key more than a millenniumago by Pope Stephen IV, suggest that Adam and Eve were not the first humans on earth but instead the result of several attempts by God to create the perfect human being in his image.\nThe texts, which have been scrubbed from the third chapter of Genesis, appear in both the Codex Vaticanus and the Dead Sea Scrolls and describe the creation of several abominations prior to Adam and Eve, explained Father Jaun Pedro Pizzarro, who has worked to maintain the Vatican Secret Archives for nearly fifty years. The abominations are described as asymmetrical humans, Father Pizzarro continued. Where one has three arms and one leg, another is completely headless with eyes protruding from its shoulders.\nAccording to the ancient texts, upon seeing his abominations, God tore a hole in the earth and cast them one by one into the fires below. The fact of the matter is that this had to be kept secret  had to be erased from all official accounts  because what it means is that God is capable of mistakes. He is not  as we have been taught  infallible, Father Pizzarro said.\nPizzarro was first made aware of the texts existence in 1978 during a late night conversation with longtime friend and mentor Bishop Vincenzo Cristelli. He confided in me, recalled Father Pizzarro. He told me he had found something big and he was going to expose the Church. Eight years later, on January 8, 1986, the bishop set out to do just that. Hours before a scheduled meeting with a reporter from the Italian newspaperLa Repubblica,Bishop Cristellis bullet-ridden body was found floating in the Tiber River.\nYears later, Father Pizzarro is picking up where his friend left off. Since embarking on his crusade to expose the truth, the seventy-one year-old priest has survived three assassination attempts including a failed car bombing in Morocco; attacks which he believes were carried out by members of the Pontifical Swiss Guard, Vatican Citys de facto military force. His Holiness will stop at nothing to prevent this information from getting out, warned Father Pizzarro. I am fortunate that God is on my side.\nFather Pizzarro is expected to arrive in the United Kingdom this week where he intends to hand-deliver scanned copies of the ancient texts to a handful of international news organizations. Pizzarros arrival in the U.K. is timed to coincide with the Popes visit to Sweden. Pope Francis will travel to the Scandinavian country on Monday as part of a two-day trip celebrating the 500th anniversary of Protestant Reformation.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Newly disclosed portions of some of the earliest known biblical texts pertaining to the Old Testament, which were placed under lock and key more than.."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-06T11:18:45+00:00", "title": "UN: 6% Reduction in Human Population Could Slow Climate Change", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/un-3-6-reduction-human-population-slow-effects-climate-change/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  The chairman of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is calling on world leaders to join a global initiative to reduce the earths population by up to six percent before 2047. Described as a realistic alternative to requiring corporations to decrease their annual emissions, the Global Reduction Pact has the potential to drastically offset the effects of climate change over the next century.\nDont worry, were not suggesting that every single country will have to meet reduction requirements by conducting mass exterminations, IPCC chairman Hoesong Lee reassured reporters on Monday. On the contrary, our recommendation that the vast majority can achieve success through compulsory sterilization. Lee said after careful deliberation, a panel of U.N. officials has determined that a lottery system is the only fair way to dictate who will be selected for sterilization. We leave it up to individual countries to determine which of their citizens are eligible for entry into the lottery, Lee said.\nA number of nations including Canada, China, and Russia, have already committed to the Global Reduction Pact. This is a time for Russians around the world to come together in support of the Motherland, Russian president Vladimir Putin said on Monday. Russia and about a dozen other countries with populations exceeding one hundred million people  including India, the United States, and Indonesia  will have to bear the brunt of the effort. Russians are no stranger to self-sacrifice and struggle, declared Putin. It is in our blood.\nMeanwhile, U.S. President-elect Donald J. Trump, who continues to deny the existence of climate change, expressed interest in the agreement, telling Fox News host Sean Hannity that forced sterilizations are an important step toward making America great again. You have people in this country who  quite frankly  should not be allowed to reproduce. I have many friends who are doctors and they all tell me that chemical castration is an excellent method for preventing this sort of thing. Trump said he is considering using a litmus-style test  rather than a lottery  to determine which Americans will be selected for sterilization.\nThe U.N. acknowledged that in order to reduce the earths population by an estimated 420 million people in time for the proposed thirty-year deadline, poorer countries that lack sufficient means to carry out compulsory sterilizations will have to seek out more archaic methods in an effort to meet their quota. We encourage creativity, said Lee, continuing, After all, this is for the greater good.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NEW YORK, Ny. - The chairman of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is calling on world leaders to join a global initiative to..."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-07T09:45:54+00:00", "title": "Vladimir Putin Appoints Actor Steven Seagal as Tsar of Crimea", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-steven-seagal-tsar-crimea/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  During an extravagant ceremony at the Kremlin on Sunday, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced he has appointed American actor and martial arts expert Steven Seagal to serve as Tsar of Crimea, the southern Ukrainian peninsula that was annexed by the Russian Federation in March of 2014.\nDubbed Steven the Great by Mr. Putin, the sixty-four year-oldUnder Siege star will take up residence at the Grand Livadia Palace in the coastal city of Yalta where he will hold power over nearly two million Crimeans. Featuring a breathtaking panoramic view of the Black Sea, the royal residence once served as a summer retreat for Nicholas II, the last tsar of Russia.\nThis is a momentous day, not just for the people of Crimea, but for all Russians, proclaimed Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev during an appearance on the state-run news networkRussia Today. Steven the Great is a legendary martial artist with an extensive background in firearms and marksmanship. Furthermore, he is more proficient and possesses far greater experience in hand-to-hand combat, counter-terrorism operations, and crime fighting than any man on earth excluding His Excellency President Putin.\nThe prime minister later said Putin has the utmost confidence in Seagals ability to rule Crimea, calling the star of Hard to Kill a firm but gentle leader who is well versed in the art of paternalism. To drive the point home, Putin will hand over command of Russian forces in Crimea  including the Black Sea Fleet based in Sevastopol  to Mr. Seagal upon his arrival at Livadia Palace later this week.\nSteven Seagal, who has appeared in a number of martial arts-style action films including Above the Law, On Deadly Ground, andExit Wounds, was awarded Russian citizenship last Thursday by President Vladimir Putin, who issued a special decree honoring the actor.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "During ceremony at the Kremlin on Sunday, President Vladimir Putin announced he has appointed American actor Steven Seagal to serve as Tsar of Crimea..."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-08T09:35:18+00:00", "title": "Israel to Resettle Palestinians on Great Pacific Garbage Patch", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/israel-resettle-1-million-palestinians-great-pacific-garbage-patch/", "text": "TEL AVIV, Il.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected an invitation from France on Monday to take part in a Middle East peace conference held in Paris later this year, saying his country has already made arrangements to relocate more than one million Palestinians to a vacant 700,000 square-mile floating trash vortex known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch.\nThe Palestinian people are rejoicing in the streets. Their suffering has ended and they finally have a place to call their homeland, Prime Minister Netanyahu proudly told theJerusalem Post. Netanyahu described the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, which is located roughly 10,398 miles west of the Jordan River in the North Pacific Ocean, as a tropical paradise untouched by man where marine life is abundant and bountiful.\nThose in the Palestinian Authority whom I have spoken with all agree that this arrangement is the closest we will ever come to the original UN proposal of a two-state solution, Netanyahu said. The prime minister added that the Israeli navy has already begun making preparations to relocate the first two hundred fifty thousand Palestinians from their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch.\nIDF spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Baum told CNNs Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday that Israel has no plans to extend its ongoing blockade of the Gaza Strip to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. You heard it right, Wolf, proclaimed the charismatic lieutenant colonel. Palestinians young and old will have the right to own notebooks and writing implements; theyll be able to enjoy a bag of potato chips, fresh meat, and even chocolate without having to worry about a late night visit from the Shin Bet.\nThe historic announcement of a full-scale Palestinian resettlement comes at an opportune time for Israel. The tiny Jewish nation is preparing to generously expand its territory with the addition of 181 new settlements in East Jerusalem. Since annexing the West Bank during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, Israel has built more than 230 settlements housing nearly half a million Jewish settlers in the occupied Palestinian territory  an initiative the United Nations Security Council has branded a violation of international law.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected an invitation from France on Monday to take part in a Middle East peace conference held in Paris..."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-02T12:08:29+00:00", "title": "Bolivian Army Razes 300 Acres of Rainforest as Spider Deaths Soar", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/bolivian-military-torches-300-acres-rainforest-spider-deaths-continue-climb/", "text": "SURCE, Bo.  The Bolivian military used an incendiary munition known as white phosphorousto incinerate approximately three hundred acres of rainforest along the South American countrys northeastern region last week, the Minister of National Defense announced on Friday. The area has been completely razed and we are confident all life has been extinguished, said Bolivian Defense Minister Ruben Saavadra Soto.\nThe controlled blaze was part of a concentrated effort by the Armed Forces of Bolivia to eradicate a rare species of spider that officials say is responsible for more than six hundred deaths over the last four months, with eighty-three occurring in November alone. Known as theacecho or stalking  spider, the astoundingly elusive arachnid can grow to about the size of a small dog. With fangs sharp enough to pierce body armor, the acechois capable of killing a full-grown adult within seconds of inflicting its venomous bite.\nBolivian officials blame increasingly warmer climates for the sharp rise in acechospider attacks. This species is most prevalent in areas known for moderate to frequent volcanic activity, said Jack Robinson, an Australian-born rainforest biologist and canopy researcher. Robinson and his team were hired by the Bolivian Ministry of National Defense to investigate the dangerous arachnids after seventeen Bolivian soldiers were found dead in their bunks  all having sustained puncture wounds to their upper body and torso region. Despite their size, these are highly versatile creatures, explained Robinson. I have personally observed an acechospider traverse the forest floor at speeds up to forty-eight kilometers per hour.\nIn October, Bolivias state-funded newspaperCambio reported that the countrys armed forces were trying unsuccessfully to squash out the spider population before it could spread to more heavily populated cities and towns. This is our biggest fear, Defense Minister Soto was quoted as saying. Our commanders are receiving reports from soldiers on the ground that the use of napalm is totally ineffective and only causes the spiders to scatter. Bolivia has since procured a sizable amount of white phosphorous from the United States. Despite the odds, I remain confident the Bolivian people can overcome this crisis, Soto said.\nIn addition to providing more than $53 million in military aid, U.S. President Barack Obama has authorized the deployment of up to 240 special operations troops to assist the Bolivian government in combating the arachnid threat.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Bolivian military used an incendiary munition known as white phosphorous to incinerate approximately three hundred acres of rainforest along....."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-14T09:01:06+00:00", "title": "Putin Declines Invite to Inauguration Amid CIA Claims of Election Hacking", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/putin-declines-invitation-u-s-inauguration-amid-cia-claims-election-hacking/", "text": "MOSCOW, Ru.  Russian president Vladimir Putin announced on Wednesday that he has declined an invitation to attend the upcoming 2017 presidential inauguration in Washington. Putin said his decision to turn down the presidential invite was due in part to baseless accusations by American intelligence officials that Russian hackers intervened in the U.S. election to ensure a Trump victory.\nFalse allegations such as these can be very hurtful, an emotional Putin told attendees of an economic forum in Moscow this week. The former KGB officer said the United States has an unfortunate history of levying claims against nations whose policies it disagrees with. Like a spoiled child, the [Obama administration] makes its petty pronouncements to the world, meanwhile refusing to open a dialogue with Russia, President Putin charged.\nPutins decision to remain in Moscow rather than attend the inaugural ceremony as a distinguished guest of President-elect Donald J. Trump comes as a major blow to the incoming American president who has expressed a willingness to sideline U.S. interests at home and abroad in favor of catering to the needs and wishes of Russia.\nOn Tuesday, President-elect Trump tapped Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson  a longtime friend and confidant of Vladimir Putin  to serve as the next Secretary of State. Having received the prestigious Order of Friendship award for his role in securing a lucrative oil partnership with Russia, Tillerson will serve as Putins man in Washington, providing a direct line of communication between the Kremlin and the Oval Office.\nBefore a relationship can be established, Mr. Trump will have to rein in his intelligence agencies, explained Sergei Mikhailov, a political analyst atThe Moscow Times. In order for a republic to function cohesively, the limbs must work together in support of the body, or in this case, the brain. Mikhailov warned that some in the Russian government have privately expressed concerns that Donald Trump could be seen as weak in terms of his inability to promote nationalism and pro-Russian values in the United States.\nHowever, as Mikhailov pointed out, its still too early in the game for the Kremlin to start weighing options for a regime change. Weve come a long way since the sixties, he said before adding, But make no mistake, Russia is watching closely to see if Mr. Trump has what it takes to lead his country in the right direction.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MOSCOW, Ru. - Russian president Vladimir Putin announced on Wednesday that he has declined an invitation to attend the upcoming 2017 presidential..."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-21T14:24:56+00:00", "title": "Vatican Suffers Massive Data Breach of More Than 20 Billion Confessions", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/vatican-says-hackers-executed-massive-data-breach-20-billion-confessions/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  A spokesperson for the Vatican confirmed on Wednesday that the Holy Sees main data storage facility in Vatican City has suffered a massive data breach at the hands of anonymous computer hackers. An attack of this kind is unprecedented in sheer size, Dr. Greg Burke told reporters Wednesday morning. Dr. Burke, who was appointed in 2015 by Pope Francis to serve as Deputy Director of the Press Office, said the breach was discovered last week by network security administrators who were performing a series of routine maintenance tasks.\nIt will take months for us to fully realize the impact of this loss, Dr. Burke said. Still, the Vaticans initial estimates show the hackers were able to breach its networks firewalls in a matter of minutes before making off with approximately 450,000 terabytes of data including information on more than twenty billion confessions. Mr. Burke called the incident an unholy breach, saying he feared the repercussions could last for decades.\nWhile the Seal of the Confessional prevents Catholic priests from disclosing what they learn from worshipers during a confession, the Vatican routinely collects metadata obtained during the sacred process. The type of metadata we collect includes the age, sex, race, and geographical location of the individual as well as the type of confession being made, explained Father Julio Francisco, who oversees bulk metadata collection operations for the Vatican.\nWe use this information to determine which sins require the most attention, Father Francisco said. The Papacy then advises church leaders around the world to specifically address these sins during the Mass Intentions. In addition to gathering metadata on nearly one-third of the earths population, the Vaticans bulk metadata collection program also helps the Church keep track of which countries log the most transgressions annually. Citing a need for confidentiality, Father Francisco declined to comment on the content of the data but said he believes whoever stole the information will likely try to sell it or, at the very least, leak it online.\nWhile news of the Vaticans ongoing metadata collection program may come as a surprise to some, Vatican spokesperson Dr. Greg Burke says its nothing new. What were doing is perfectly legal under the laws of the Church, he told reporters, adding that despite the breach, the Vatican has already taken steps to expand its efforts to curb the rise of global sinning.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "The Holy See's main data storage facility in Vatican City has suffered a massive data breach at the hands of anonymous computer hackers."}
{"published_time": "2017-01-13T09:19:21+00:00", "title": "Mexico Agrees to Pay for New Partition in White House Bathroom", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/mexico-agrees-pay-new-partition-white-house-bathroom/", "text": "MEXICO CITY, Mex.  The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with the incoming Trump administration to cover the costs of a new partition that will be placed between two urinals in a staff restroom near the Oval Office.\nTrump will have his wall and Mexico will pay for it, declared Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto during a press conference at the National Palace in Mexico City on Friday. The powder coated steel partition will set Mexico back by an estimated 2,617.20 pesos  the equivalent of about $120  and will allow the new Commander-in-Chief to use the White House restroom without fear of his male colleagues catching a glimpse of his whatever parts.\nPresident Nieto said the Trump administration had initially insisted on a diamond studded twenty-four carat gold bathroom partition similar to what the President-elect has in the master bathroom of his opulent Manhattan penthouse. Nieto said administration officials sought to make the Mexican government aware that the dividing walls price-tag of $1.8 million represented a small fraction of the cost of the wall which Trump has vowed to build between the U.S. and Mexico.\nAccording to sources in both the U.S. and Mexico, negotiations over the White House restrooms partition began shortly after President-elect Trumps controversial visit to Mexico back in August of 2016. When it became clear that Mexico wasnt going to pay for the border wall, the attitude became, Well, if we cant make them pay for the wall, were going to make them pay for a wall, a senior Trump adviser with firsthand knowledge of the negotiations told The Washington Post.\nWith President-elect Trumps inauguration less than eight days away, the announcement by Mexico that it will foot the bill for the White House bathroom partition is being viewed by many in Washington as an olive branch offered by President Enrique Pea Nieto at a time when diplomatic relations between the United States and other nations have become increasingly tense.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MEXICO CITY, Mex. - The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with the incoming Trump administration to cover the costs of a new partition..."}
{"published_time": "2017-01-17T11:47:12+00:00", "title": "VDOT Approves $491 Million Plan to Install Bike Lanes on Capital Beltway", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/virgina-dot-approves-491-million-plan-install-bike-lanes-capital-beltway/", "text": "FALLS CHURCH, Va.  The Virginia Department of Transportation has approved a $491.5 million plan to install bicycle-friendly lanes along portions of I-495 and I-95 in Northern Virginia and parts of the Washington metropolitan area, a spokesperson for VDOT announced on Tuesday.\nThe fact of the matter is that we as a society are becoming increasingly eco-conscious and passionate about preserving our environment and as a result, more and more people are seeking out non-motorized transportation as a means of travel, Ned Meeks, the projects lead developer, told the Washington Business Journal. Right now, we have no real means of streamlining long-distance travel for the tens of thousands of people who rely on bicycles as their primary mode of transportation.\nAn avid cyclist and Share the Road advocate, Meeks vision for the Capital Beltway will become a reality in the coming months. At a cost to taxpayers of less than half a billion dollars, the project will involve expanding portions of the Beltway to allow for a 1.5 meter-wide path between the outside lane and shoulder where cyclists can travel at high speeds alongside the flow of motor vehicle traffic.\nIn an effort to remain below the already steep budget, Meeks said developers decided to scrap the more aesthetic features of the bike lane such as a protective barrier that would serve to separate cyclists from the highway. Generally speaking, this is something that youre more likely to see in an urban environment, Meeks said, continuing, From the beginning we approached this project from a minimalist viewpoint. You arent going to see a lot of unnecessary elements like illumination lights, protective barriers, or rest areas. This is purely a means of long distance rapid transportation.\nVDOT officials say construction for the Capital Beltway bike lane is set to commence on February 6th. Commuters should expect delays and exercise caution, particularly while driving along the highways twenty-two mile stretch in Northern Virginia where construction crews will be present day and night expanding the road and laying down paint.\nWhile the project is only expected to take about a month to complete, Meeks said his mission is far from over. The two-time triathlon winner turned visionary developer hopes more states will adopt similar high-speed bike lanes along their highways.In order to fully embrace this idea that bicyclists and motorists can share the road together, the biking community must have access to all roads  regardless of size and traffic flow, Meeks argued. Otherwise, the quest for transportation equality will never be achieved.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "FALLS CHURCH, Va. - The Virginia Department of Transportation has approved a $491.5 million plan to install bicycle-friendly lanes along portions of I-495.."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-09T00:16:57+00:00", "title": "Protestant Leaders Declare Reunification Under the Holy See", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/protestant-leaders-declare-reunification-of-churches-under-the-holy-see/", "text": "VATICAN CITY  Following more than five hundred years of separation,American and European Protestant leaders met with Pope Francis last week to finalize the reunification of the two churches under the HolySee. The historic agreement is the result of a years worth ofunpublicized talks between Protestant leaders and the Vatican.\nProminent American pastors Joel Osteen and Rick Warren, respectively, as well as Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, were among the Protestant delegation that met with Pope Francis lastweek. Pastor Warren, founder of Saddleback Church in Lake Forest,California, spoke with members of the international press in St.Peters Square, saying, Protestants, as a people, have a long historyof heresy. The time for reconciliation is now in order to ensure afull and dogmatic transition into the folds of the Church.\nMoments before meeting with reporters, the entire Protestantdelegation, for the first time ever, entered the confessional to takepart, individually, in the Sacrament of Penance. Its important thatwe participate in these sacred rituals before asking our congregation to do the same, Pastor Osteen said, adding that his time inconfession was an immensely moving experience.\nAs Protestants around the world make the transition to Catholicism,many are wondering what, exactly, that means for them. First andforemost we acknowledge the Popes infallibility with regard touniversal moral declarations, the authority of Church magistrate,faith, and ex cathedra, said Father Cliff Brogan, a former Protestantpastor who was the first of the delegation to be ordained as a priestat the Vatican. Secondly, we participate in the sacrament of theEucharist by accepting the actual body and blood of Christ, an eventknown as Transubstantiation, at the conclusion of the holy mass.\nAs part of their induction into the Catholic faith, all Protestantsabove the age of fifteen are required to undergo a CatholicConfirmation, one of three sacraments of initiation, out of seven total, which Catholics can receive. Most, if not all, of us have beenbaptized, said Father Brogran. However, without formal Confirmation,our Protestant baptisms will be null, thus preventing us from enteringthe Kingdom of Heaven.\nAdditionally, during the transition period, American Protestantfamilies whose children attend Sunday School are to receive vouchersallowing them to participate in CCD programs at area Catholicchurches.\nIn a show of support for the reunification under the Holy See, theUnited Kingdom announced Wednesday that it is taking steps to reunifyNorthern Ireland with The Republic of Ireland. The government of the UK hasacknowledged the stark differences between the two countries, butaccording to one official, We are, for the first time, one people, united under the Bishop of Rome, acting together as the bride and servant of Christ.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "American and European Protestant leaders met with Pope Francis last week to finalize the reunification of the two churches under the Holy See."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-28T22:02:39+00:00", "title": "Obama to Issue Executive Order Extending Term Limits", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/obama-to-issue-executive-order-extending-presidential-term-limits/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama will exercise his presidential powers this week when he signs an executive order directing the Supreme Court to indefinitely suspend the 22nd Amendment. Coming on the heels of the Conservative Political Action Conference held at Marylands National Harbor, President Obama announced his decision to temporarily end presidential term limits, saying, Im not seeing any potential presidential candidates on either side of the aisle who are capable of carrying out the task of running the country.\nCiting poor performance on the part of a Republican-controlled congress, the struggling economy, and the continuing situation with ISIS, Obama said he feels obligated to continue his term in order to steer the country away from crisis just like Roosevelt.\nThis is not something out of the ordinary, says political analyst Elliot Stabler. We already have several states with no gubernatorial term limits. Connecticut, Idaho, Massachusetts, Washington, Vermont, New York, just to name a few. In fact Michael Bloomberg repealed term limits in order to run for a third time as New York City mayor.\nIn addition Mr. Obama has ordered the National Guard to remain on standby in the months leading up to and during his third term. He will issue a second executive order authorizing the Department of Justice to temporarily suspend Habeas Corpus in the event a state of emergency is declared due to opposition to his decision to continue the presidency.\nThe Twenty-second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution was ratified on February 27th, 1951 and sets a limit of two four-year terms for the office of the President of the United States. Since ratification there have been several unsuccessful attempts to repeal the 22nd Amendment. Most recently Democratic congressman Barney Frank and Senator Harry Reid introduced legislation to repeal presidential term limits. Republican Senator Mitch McConnell has sought to pass similar legislation. All three congressmen support Obamas decision to take on another term, which begins January 20th, 2017.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama announced his decision to temporarily end presidential term limits."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-10T09:26:11+00:00", "title": "Trump: I Will Absolutely Use a Nuclear Weapon Against ISIS", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/trump-i-will-absolutely-use-a-nuclear-weapon-against-isis/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  In response to a question regarding his policy on ISIS, Republican presidential candidate and billionaireDonald Trump told Meet the Press on Sunday that as Commander-in-Chief, he would authorize the use of nuclear weapons to combat Islamic extremism. Lets face it, these people are barbarians, Trump said. And thanks to Obamas failed policy in Iraq and Syria, theyre beheading Christians all over the world.\nMr. Trump said hes already conferred with a number of high-level active military officials and has put together a comprehensive strategy to defeat the Islamic State within his first one hundred days in office. It starts with the deployment of four or five of our Ohio-class nuclear submarines to the Persian Gulf, Trump said. Were going to hit them and were going to hit them hard. Im talking about a surgical strike on these ISIS stronghold cities using Trident missiles.\nThe Trident is a submarine-launched ballistic missile equipped with multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles, or MIRVs. With a payload of up to fourteen reentry vehicles, each carrying a 362-pound thermonuclear warhead with a yield of 100 kilotons, a single Trident has roughly seventy times the destructive power of the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki on August 9, 1945.\nTrumps plan to use thermonuclear weapons against ISIS-held areas such as the Syrian city of Al-Raqqahwould result in an astronomically high number of civilian casualties, according to CNN military analyst Peter Mansoor. Al-Raqqah alone has a population of over two hundred-thousand people, the vast majority of whom are not affiliated in any way with the Islamic State, Mansoor said. A strike of this magnitude would not only result in the loss of millions of innocent lives and infrastructure, but it would set diplomacy and stability in the region back at least a hundred years.\nCivilian casualties are an unfortunate reality of war according to Trump, who justified the use of nuclear weapons saying they send a clear message to those who conspire against America and her allies. Mr. Trump said that unlike past and present administrations, he possesses the moral fortitude to do what must be done to protect America. Were losing to China. Were losing to Mexico. We will not lose to ISIS, Trump said.\nThe Japanese and other nations called for increased restrictions on nuclear weapons Sunday as the world observed the 70th anniversary of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the United States. The bombings, which forced Japan to surrender from the war, left over 200,000 dead.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Donald Trump told Meet the Press on Sunday that as Commander-in-Chief, he would authorize the use of nuclear weapons to combat Islamic extremism."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-06T22:12:50+00:00", "title": "Pope Francis: God Intstructed Me to Rewrite Ten Commandments", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/pope-francis-god-has-instructed-me-to-revise-the-ten-commandments/", "text": "GUAYAQUIL, Ec.  Pope Francis kicked off the start of a three-nation trip across South America today with his first mass, with over a million Ecuadorians in attendance, in the coastal city of Guayaquil. Delivering the mass in Spanish, the Pope spoke about the importance of family in modern society, saying, It needs to be helped and strengthened, lest we lose our proper sense of the services which society as a whole provides.\nDuring his sermon, Pope Francis announced to Christians around the world that God had called upon him, instructing him to revise the most sacred of texts, the Ten Commandments. Given to the Israelites by God himself at Mount Sinai, the Commandments include instructions for worship and list several prohibited practices.\nPope Francis said Christians around the world are faced with ever-increasing temptations brought on by the evils of modern society. The Pope said the updated Commandments reflect the changing times and include some minor rewording of the existing rules as well as the addition of two new Commandments.\nThe Fourth Commandment, which advocates that proper respect be shown towards ones parents, has been reworded in order to include children raised by same-sex parents. Pope Francis said the Seventh Commandment, prohibiting adultery and, among other things, homosexuality, has been removed entirely, as instructed by God, in order to extend Gods grace to all His children.\nAddressing the inclusion of the new Commandments, which bring the total number to eleven, Pope Francis praised the rapid growth of technology in the digital age but said progress comes at a price. The new Fifth Commandment, which replaces the prohibition of adultery, forbids all aspects of genetic engineering and bans the consumption of genetically modified foods.\nLastly, the Eleventh Commandment disallows personal idolization and the glorification of ones self over God. Using the Kardashians, a highly publicized celebrity family, as an example, Pope Francis said, Selfies are an abomination in the eyes of our Lord.\nA spokesman for the Vatican, Father Federico Lombardi, said the Eleven Commandments are currently being etched into marble by an Italian sculptor and, upon completion, will be unveiled to the world in Saint Peters Square following an internationally televised mass.", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Pope Francis announced to Christians around the world that God had instructed him to \"rewrite the Ten Commandments.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-11-13T07:51:47+00:00", "title": "Trump: We Need a Final Solution to the Immigration Problem", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/trump-we-need-a-final-solution-to-the-immigration-problem/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Republican presidential candidate and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump touted the need for a lasting resolution to the countrys ongoing immigration problem during an appearance on Fox & Friends this morning.\nThis country needs a comprehensive policy in place to halt illegal immigration and keep anyone whos previously been deported from coming back, Trump said. Touching on Operation Wetback,a controversial 1950s deportation policy which Mr. Trump has voiced strong support for, the GOPs leading candidate proposed a solution that he would immediately implement if elected.\nTrumps plan takes the positive aspects from a number of previous immigration policies dating back to the start of World War II, including theinternment of Japanese Americansfollowing the bombing of Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. In order to deport the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants living in the United States, we need to have an established system in place. That means opening relocation centers in our border states, Mr. Trump said.\nAs president, Ill issue an executive order -similar to Roosevelts Executive Order 9066, authorizing the armed forces to work in conjunction with our immigration services to better expedite the deportation of these individuals, Trump said, adding that he plans to crate a new federal agency, based off the now-defunctWar Relocation Authority, to handle the deportation process.\nObviously well have a system in place to determine whos who, Trump said, continuing, whether or not they have ties to ISIS or another extremist group, or theyre involved in drug trafficking. At this point, under the current administration, we really dont know who any of these people are.\nIdeally well have a seasoned deportation force operating these relocation centers. People familiar with this type of environment, familiar with border security, national security, threat assessment, that sort of thing, Trump explained. Were talking military police, intelligence specialists, people who worked with the detainees at Guantanamo.\nTrumps plan includes a revolutionary method for locating and tracking individuals who have been or are scheduled to be deported from the United States. Specialists will implant a tiny radio-frequency identification (RFID) chip into the upper right arm of every individual who passes through one of these relocation centers, Trump said, continuing, This allows us to track their movements virtually anywhere in the world, in real-time.\nApart from the economy, immigration is seen as one of the biggest issues facing the stability of the country. Presidential candidates on both sides of the spectrum have argued for stricter legislation regulating the flow of immigrants into the U.S., particularly those coming from the Middle East, who many Americans view as a looming threat due in part to Islamic extremism.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Republican candidate and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump touted the need for a \"lasting resolution\" to the country's ongoing immigration problem."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-30T03:23:52+00:00", "title": "Parishoners Baffled as Pastor Joel Osteen Levitates on Stage", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/parishioners-baffled-as-pastor-joel-osteen-levitates-on-stage-during-sermon/", "text": "HOUSTON, Tx.  More than 43,000 worshipers were in attendance at Lakewood Church Saturday evening when Joel Osteen, Lakewoods Senior Pastor, reportedly levitated nearly ten feet above the stage following the conclusion of his sermon. People were hysterical, said Maya Rodriguez, who, like thousands of others in the Houston area, attends weekly services at the nondenominational megachurch.\nWitnesses say roughly forty-five minutes into the 7 P.M. service, Pastor Osteen suddenly appeared disoriented before suffering a violent coughing fit. His forehead and neck were just drenched in sweat, said Colton Bradshaw, a Houston native, who was seated with his wife in the second row. The events that followed, according to Bradshaw and corroborated by more than a thousand other witnesses, left worshipers feeling perplexed and, in many cases, terrified.\nOsteen reportedly fell to his knees on stage while clutching his chest. We thought he was having a heart attack, Bradshaw said. It was then that the charismatic pastor outstretched his arms, threw his head back, and violently arched his back. Dozens of cellphone videos taken by parishioners and uploaded to the popular media website YouTube show Pastor Osteen, seemingly in a trance-like state, rise from the stage. Screams and cries of disbelief from the congregation can be heard as Osteen levitates more than nine feet off the ground.\nIn one of the higher quality videos uploaded to YouTube by userTheChristianBlessing,Osteen can be seen hovering above the stage with his head slumped forward before, as one witness put it, suddenly awakening. As Pastor Osteen appears to hang with his arms outstretched in midair, he opens his mouth and, in a deep, commanding voice, says, I am the Alpha and the Omega. Then, his body drops like a rag doll to the ground where he remains motionless.\nColton Bradshaws wife, Karen, along with dozens of other worshipers, fainted during the ordeal and later required medical attention, but Bradshaw himself remained alert throughout the entire spectacle, which lasted less than four minutes. When he spoke those words from the Book of Revelations, Bradshaw later recalled, It wasnt his voice that spoke them. It was not Pastor Osteen speaking. The sound of that voice reverberated through the stadium. For as long as I live, Ill never forget it.\nParamedics arrived at Lakewood Church at 8:05 P.M. and treated Osteen on the scene. The pastor suffered a mild concussion brought by the nearly ten foot free fall to the stage floor but was otherwise unhurt, save for some minor bruising to his forehead. A spokesman for the megachurch told Fox 26 Houston that Mr. Osteen has no memory of the events that occurred prior to regaining consciousness.\nDoctors and medical staff at the Texas Medical Center on Holcombe Boulevard in Houston were overwhelmed Saturday night as they treated approximately six hundred and fifty people, many of whom were in a state of shock after witnessing the event. Lakewood Church boasts one of the largest congregations in the United States and reaches an estimated 27 million people worldwide each week. In 1999, Joel Osteen replaced his father, John Osteen, who founded the church in 1959, as Senior Pastor.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Lakewood's Senior Pastor, Joel Osteen reportedly levitated nearly ten feet above the stage following the conclusion of his sermon."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-29T10:07:21+00:00", "title": "Obama to Temporarily Suspend Habeas Corpus in North Dakata", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/obama-to-issue-temporary-suspension-of-habeas-corpus-in-north-dakota/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama will exercise his executive powers on Monday when he signs an executive order issuing a temporary suspension of habeas corpus in Morton County, North Dakota, where protesters aligned with the Standing Rock Indian reservation are preventing construction of a crucial portion of the Dakota Access oil pipeline.\nYour voices have been heard, President Obama declared during an address to demonstrators. However, I dont think the answer is to continue stonewalling the inevitable. The president, who previously expressed support for the demonstrations, called the pipeline an important and necessary part of American infrastructure, saying, This is something that will enhance and strengthen our nation for generations to come.\nThe writ of habeas corpus, which grants prisoners or detainees the right to challenge the legality of their imprisonment, is covered in the Suspension Clause of the U.S. Constitution under Article One and, as such, shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it.\nFor federal authorities in North Dakota, the writs suspension allows for far greater powers in terms of arrest and detainment of protesters, journalists, and other disruptive individuals. Whether they admit it or not, a lot of these people who have presented themselves as reporters are actively taking steps to impede the construction of this pipeline, said Major General Arnold Dohlmann of the North Dakota Army National Guard. Backed by force of fifteen hundred seasoned soldiers, Maj, Gen. Dohlmann is set to assume command of law enforcement operations in Morton County immediately following President Obamas suspension of habeas corpus on Monday.\nAs it stands, my orders are to detain anyone suspected of interfering with the continued efforts by Energy Transfer Partners and their respective contractors to install the Dakota Access Pipeline. Further, Ive received authorization from the White House to hold these individuals until construction of the pipeline is completed. Maj. Gen. Dohlmann said the Army National Guard is in the process of erecting two temporary internment facilities on the outskirts of Morton County where detainees will be held pending the pipelines completion. Citing the need for operational security, Dohlmann declined to specify the exact location of the internment facilities.\nThe decision by the Obama administration comes at a time when clashes between demonstrators and local authorities have reached an all-time high. On Thursday, the Morton County Sheriffs Department announced that a six-hour long police operation targeting a Dakota Access protest site near Backwater Bridge resulted in the arrests of approximately 141 demonstrators.", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama will exercise his executive powers on Monday when he signs an executive order issuing a temporary suspension of habeas corpus..."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-29T08:25:53+00:00", "title": "Trump on Revamping the Military: We're Bringing Back the Draft", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/trump-on-revamping-the-military-were-bringing-back-the-draft/", "text": "COSTA MESA, Ca.  GOP presidential front-runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump on Thursday unveiled his plan to make the military great again, saying he intends to reinstate the draft as part of a larger effort to bolster Americas armed forces. Were bringing back the draft, okay? Were going to bring it back and were going to make America as strong as we were in the Sixties, Trump declared while addressing supporters at the Pacific Amphitheater in Costa Mesa.\nI love the Sixties, said Trump, continuing, I was a very big supporter of the Vietnam war and, of course, the troops. No one supports the troops more than I do. In addition to bringing back military conscription, Mr. Trump said that if elected, he will enact legislation that will guarantee citizenship to anyone who serves in the armed forces for a minimum of four years. You have people coming into this country, coming over our borders, expecting a free ride. Were not going to give it to them, folks. Theyre going to have to earn their citizenship.\nTrump has repeatedly stated that he wont rule outusingnuclear weapons against the Islamic State. On Thursday he expanded on his claims, saying he would instruct the Pentagon to begin testing man-portable tactical nuclear weapons to be used by American soldiers on the battlefield. Were not going to have unquestionable military dominance if were seen as too weak to use these weapons against our enemies.\nRather than use conventional means such as drone strikes or economic sanctions to respond to acts of terrorism or other forms of aggression against the United States, Trump vowed to exercise the nuclear option extremely liberally. My feeling is we have these weapons and weve spent a great deal of money developing and improving them over the years; theres absolutely no reason why we shouldnt be using them.\nThe former reality TV star accused President Obama of making the country less safe by employing tact and diplomacy when dealing with foreign leaders. This guys the president of the United States and hes bowing to the Chinese. Theyre laughing in our faces, okay? Theyre laughing in our faces and if we dont do something about it, theyre going to surpass us militarily and economically and then were going to have a huge problem on our hands.\nDonald Trump kicked off the start of his California campaign on Thursday where he made a stop in Costa Mesa, a semi-rural farming community located in Orange County. The GOP presidential hopeful is scheduled to address Californias Republican convention on Friday.", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Trump unveiled his plan to 'make the military great again,' saying he intends to reinstate the draft as part of a larger effort to bolster the armed forces."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-08T09:37:24+00:00", "title": "Ex-Stanford Swimmer to Appear on Dancing with the Stars", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/ex-stanford-swimmer-brock-turner-appear-dancing-stars/", "text": "XENIA, Oh.  Former Stanford University competitive swimmer Brock Turner will appear on the highly anticipated upcoming season of Dancing with the Stars, his publicist Debra Lancaster confirmed today. Brock is absolutely ecstatic about being a part of such a diverse cast, Lancaster told the celebrity and entertainment news website TMZ.\nFans of the competitive swimmer might be interested to learn that Turner picked up dancing while serving a brief three-month stint in a California county jail for rape. The twenty-one year-old Ohio native joined a jailhouse tap dance troupe at the urging of his cellmate and, within weeks, became the talk of the cell block. That honky fish got moves, Brocks cellmate, who asked to be referred to by his street name Pinky Stickerz, told TMZ.\nDue to the unfavorable circumstances surrounding his conviction, the terms of Turners probation forbid him from coming within fifteen feet of the opposite sex. After a couple of meetings with his probation officer, we were able to negotiate that number down to four and a half feet for the purpose of the show, explained Lancaster.\nIn an effort to meet the unusually strict demands set in place by Turners by-the-book probation officer, DWTSproducers have decided to pair him with fellow competitive swimmer Ryan Lochte. A source close to the Turner family said Brock cannot wait to get his twenty minutes of action on the dance floor with the twelve-time Olympic medalist. This will be a real treat for Brock, the source toldReal News Right Now.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former Stanford University competitive swimmer Brock Turner will appear on the highly anticipated upcoming season of Dancing with the Stars, his publicist.."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-26T13:09:12+00:00", "title": "Shocking Development: Brad Pitt No Longer Drinking 2% Milk", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/shocking-development-brad-pitt-no-longer-drinking-2-milk/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Actor Brad Pitt was spotted at a Whole Foods Market in Beverly Hills this weekend buying a carton of skim milk, a move that has stirred lingering questions about his health a well-being. Brad only drinks two per cent, said Tyler Stimpson, aTMZ photographerassigned to the Beverly Hills Whole Foods. He eats a cup of granola with a splash of two per cent milk every morning while he drinks his coffee and does his Sudoko.\nThe troubling change in diet comes less than a week after Pitts wife, actress and producer Angelina Jolie, blindsided him with divorce papers. The forty-one year-old Jolie has reportedly gone so far as to block all incoming text messages and phone calls from Pitt. The question on everyones mind right now is whether these new developments are directly related to Brads bizarre decision to stop drinking two per cent milk, said E! Onlines Avery Donahue.\nOne theory, according to a source close to the Jolie-Pitt family, is that Brad may have accidentally grabbed the wrong kind of milk. He has a lot on his mid right now, the source told Us Weekly. Hes fighting for joint custody of his children; he doesnt have time to worry about the type of milk hes drinking.\nHowever, Eric Harris, a bagger who works at the Whole Foods where Pitt buys his groceries, says he believes the actor was buying milk for someone else. Mr. Pitt never buys Organic Valley but this time he did, Harris, whohas bagged groceries for Pitt since 2004, toldReal News Right Now.As to who theFight Club star may have been buying the skim milk for remains a mystery.\nOn Monday, September 19, Jolie filed for divorce from her estranged husband, Brad Pitt, citing irreconcilable differences. The celebrity duo were married in August of 2014 after being together for nearly nine years.\nA source at the Beverly Hills Whole Foods has confirmed to TMZthat Brad Pitt was spotted at the upscale grocery store early Monday morning attempting to return the carton of skim milk. Pitt  who had allegedly misplaced his receipt  spoke briefly with a cashier and store manager before receiving store credit for the return, according to the source who witnessed the exchange from a neighboring cash register.", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Actor Brad Pitt was spotted at a Whole Foods Market in Beverly Hills this weekend buying a carton of skim milk, a move that has stirred lingering questions"}
