{"published_time": "2016-06-07T15:57:20+00:00", "title": "CDC: Cigarettes and Tonic Water May Prevent the Spread of Zika", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/cdc-cigarettes-tonic-water-may-help-prevent-spread-zika-virus/", "text": "ATLANTA, Ga.  In an effort to further prevent the spread of the Zika virus, the Centers for Disease Control on Tuesday issued a new travel advisory asking Americans who plan to travel to Central and South America this summer to pack plenty of cigarettes and tonic water.\nCigarette smoking actually has some health benefits in that in that it works as a natural deterrent to mosquitoes, Dr. Raymond Goodwin, an infectious disease specialist at CDC headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, explained. When you exhale tobacco smoke, you are  in a sense  creating a temporary force field around your body which mosquitoes are simply unable to penetrate.\nThe CDC is asking those who are traveling to regions and countries where Zika is most prevalent, including Brazil, Colombia, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Haiti, Honduras, Venezuela, and Puerto Rico, to consider postponing travel plans until more is known about the virus.\nIn the event travel is unavoidable, Dr. Goodwin said Americans  particularly pregnant women  who visit the affected regions should make a concentrated effort to smoke as many cigarettes as possible throughout the duration of their trip. If youre outdoors or in an area where mosquitoes are common, the best line of defense is frequent consumption of tonic water coupled with incessant smoking, Goodwin advised. Also, consider lathering yourself in bug spray and, if you can, keep a citronella candle burning nearby at all times.\nDr. Goodwin said by adhering to the necessary precautions, travelers are far less likely to contract the Zika virus through a mosquito bite. However, the CDC warns the possibility of catching it through sexual transmission remains high.\nTo further assist travelers in the protecting themselves against the Zika virus, the CDC, working in conjunction with the Transportation Security Administration, is issuing one free carton of Marlboro brand cigarettes to travelers who are destined for Central and South America for trips lasting one week or less.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nI have a difficult time believing this. Do you have sources for your research? You mentioned CDC several times but I cant find this information on their website. Perhaps you could provide a link? I am curious to know what percentage of parents infected by zika whose children are born with microcephaly are smokers. My husband goes outside to smoke.\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an effort to further prevent the spread of the Zika virus, the Centers for Disease Control on Tuesday issued a new travel advisory asking Americans..."}
{"published_time": "2015-08-10T09:26:11+00:00", "title": "Trump: I Will Absolutely Use a Nuclear Weapon Against ISIS", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/trump-i-will-absolutely-use-a-nuclear-weapon-against-isis/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  In response to a question regarding his policy on ISIS, Republican presidential candidate and billionaireDonald Trump told Meet the Press on Sunday that as Commander-in-Chief, he would authorize the use of nuclear weapons to combat Islamic extremism. Lets face it, these people are barbarians, Trump said. And thanks to Obamas failed policy in Iraq and Syria, theyre beheading Christians all over the world.\nMr. Trump said hes already conferred with a number of high-level active military officials and has put together a comprehensive strategy to defeat the Islamic State within his first one hundred days in office. It starts with the deployment of four or five of our Ohio-class nuclear submarines to the Persian Gulf, Trump said. Were going to hit them and were going to hit them hard. Im talking about a surgical strike on these ISIS stronghold cities using Trident missiles.\nThe Trident is a submarine-launched ballistic missile equipped with multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles, or MIRVs. With a payload of up to fourteen reentry vehicles, each carrying a 362-pound thermonuclear warhead with a yield of 100 kilotons, a single Trident has roughly seventy times the destructive power of the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki on August 9, 1945.\nTrumps plan to use thermonuclear weapons against ISIS-held areas such as the Syrian city of Al-Raqqahwould result in an astronomically high number of civilian casualties, according to CNN military analyst Peter Mansoor. Al-Raqqah alone has a population of over two hundred-thousand people, the vast majority of whom are not affiliated in any way with the Islamic State, Mansoor said. A strike of this magnitude would not only result in the loss of millions of innocent lives and infrastructure, but it would set diplomacy and stability in the region back at least a hundred years.\nCivilian casualties are an unfortunate reality of war according to Trump, who justified the use of nuclear weapons saying they send a clear message to those who conspire against America and her allies. Mr. Trump said that unlike past and present administrations, he possesses the moral fortitude to do what must be done to protect America. Were losing to China. Were losing to Mexico. We will not lose to ISIS, Trump said.\nThe Japanese and other nations called for increased restrictions on nuclear weapons Sunday as the world observed the 70th anniversary of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the United States. The bombings, which forced Japan to surrender from the war, left over 200,000 dead.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nObama plans on nuking them too. Ill tell you how at the end. No one realizes it yet. Obamas plan is to give them one. I dont care how good they make it sound on paper. This is a country known for taking hostages. With a nuke, they wont even have to look for hostages. They can hold an entire country hostage. Iran and Russia are Allies. If we dropped a nuke on them, Russia would stomp the US into the ground. But if Iran fired on an enemy first, we could rightfully claim it was a counter-strike. No one would question us.\nIn March of this year, Obama had initiated the launch sequence against Russia. It was not completed due to a lady colonel with different codes than requested. We nearly saw the apocalypse in March.\nComplete and utter lie Dont speak about shit you obviously know nothing about it only serves to make your ignorance far mor glaring.\nThen youd better pray youre at ground zero when that happens, because you dont EVEN want to be around for what happens after that.\nSpoken like a true, completely unthinking, idiot.  Crawl back into your hole, you moron.  Do some reading, because you havent one iota of an idea what you are calling for.  PLEASEmove elsewhere, we dont need your kind here, we have enough stupid people to go around.\nThat has to be the most foolish thing a presidential candiate can say,that he is willing to risk nuclear war and make everyone on the planet vulnerable. That is a completely irresponsible,childish thing for a candidate to say.\nGum should be your first name, dumb should be your second name.  This is all crazy.  You are all crazy. You should all join the BTK killer in prison and party for life.\nThis statement although it would sound like something Trump would say is a ruise and a completely false statement. Ive researched this and even set thru the meet the press segment again and he never said this. I unfortunately put this on my FB timeline and was humiliated by friends for not making sure first that it was true. I will never make this mistake again.\ni didnt believe he had said it,,, although it wouldnt have surprised me a few weeks ago,,, i think he has  learned a little bit,,,, not much,,, bvt a little\nD. TRUMP TWO ATOMIC BOMBS STOPPED WW2. ARM SUBS WITH THAT POWER INSTEAD OF NUCLEAR, WILL ACHEIVE\nTHE SAME RESULTS AGENST ISIS, WILL WIPE THEM OUT\nMESSAGE TO THEM IN OTHER COUNTRIES, GIVE UP OR GET THE SAME, MOST CERTAIN THAT WILL STOP THEM.\nJUST REDUCE FROM NUKES TO ATOMIC, PEOPL OF MY GENERATION WILL UNDERSTAND.\ndude, nukes and atomic are the same thing. the hiroshima bomb was uranium, the nagisaki bomb was plutonium, both are nuclear. just less powerful.\nHas to be the stupidest comment I think Ive ever read. BTW, Obama NEVER considered using nukes, are you f-ing crazy? How can someone be so retarded?\nyeah,\nWell, boom goes London,\nAnd boom Paris.\nMore room for you\nAnd more room for me.\nAnd every city the whole world round\nWill just be another American town.\nOh, how peaceful itll be;\nWell set everybody free;\nYoull have Japanese kimonos, baby,\nTherell be Italian shoes for me.\nThey all hate us anyhow,\nSo lets drop the big one now.\nLets drop the big one now.\nIts like hes begging for WWIII. This is monstrous! Has anyone else read Hiroshima? Civilian casualties may be a fact of war but this is killing MILLIONS of civilians to get a few hundred or thousand ISIS. Has anyone considered the nuclear fall out of several Trident mistles? That shit makes its way around the world. Trump is NO diplomat. He never learned tact or diplomacy. He has no wisdom. Im appalled!\nDo you know why we hit Hiroshima or even realize the death and destruction the people of Japan inflected on everyone. Better read a little more. If not for the bomb we would be speaking Japanese today you idiot.They had choices but did not want to quit even after the first bomb, there were two just in case you did not read further, jet your facts before making judgments.\nActually Henry you are the uninformed idiot.  Every historian and general involved says the Nukes were totally unnecessary.  Perhaps YOU should do some reading on the topic.  Its one of the biggest perpetuated myths that we needed this to win the war.  Truman used it for one reason only.  To send a clear message to the Russians that we would not hesitate to use it on them.\nIts like hes begging for WWIII! Has anyone else read Hiroshima? Civilian casualties may be a fact of war, but were talking about MILLIONS of civilian casualties to kill a few thousand ISIS. Has he considered the nuclear fall out of several Trident mistles? Each of which is 7 times stronger than the bomb the we dropped on Nagisaki! That shit makes its way around the world. This spells death and nothing else.\nHow stupid are you people?  This site is a Spoof site. According to this site, Obama has taken away the statehood of Texas. has signed on to do a Food Network Cooking show for 2 years, there is a Benghazi Theme Park being built in Arizona, Pastor Joel Osteen levitated in front of his entire church and ISIS has a weather machine to cause Tornadoes in the Midwest. Who are the nutcases?\nYes we must yield to isis\nIm sick of them taking over the world and you people dont see it they will kill anyone that isnt muslim America first  always\nDid he actually say this? I cant find any other sources that quote trump saying anything about nuclear weapons. Could I get a link?\nNo no, this is a lie. I think the guys a buffoon, but the author of this website excels at writing absurd lies that *could* be true, but arent.\nCorrection: The nuclear bombs we dropped on Japan did not force them to surrender. They were already begging to surrender but Truman listed to his advisers who wanted us to have live tests of the bombs and show the rest of the world what we were capable of.\nBTW, I can find no verification that this article is correct and it is hard to believe that even a blowhard nutcase like Trump would advocate using nukes.\nCurrent revisionist theory is that what brought about the surrender of Japan was the Soviets decision to enter the Pacific theater which the Japanese were totally fearful of.  If that was the case, it was neither the bombs or Trumans zeal which led to the end of the war.\nThe U.S. had two different atom bombs. They wanted to test them on relatively virgin urban targets. As well, the atom bombs AND the firebombing of Dresden was meant as a warning to the Soviets that the U.S. would not allow them to take over ALL of Europe (just the east, as agreed at Yalta) nor Japan.\nCorrection: They were ask first time several times to surrender, then bombed then again the Emperor at the advice of his Generals as in the first case refused to surrender and again a bomb was dropped. The Emperor was nothing more than a puppet and the generals were responsible for Japans actions.\nPlease, do not vote for Trump, he is going to be Hitler 2. We have to vote for someone who cares about what happens to America and the country. Try Bernie Sanders on for size.\nSomeone, anyone.  We sure voted in the ultimate inhumane president for 2 terms now.I am not sure the nuclear weapon strategy is the answer, but at least he is working on defending America more than the moran we have in office now!!!!  He at least has a set of balls!\nif you spelled moron correctly, your point would more effective. but I think its symbolic that you cant even spell that word.\nI agree, time for America to take the lead and do something, not kiss butt and try to buy them off-it isnt going to work. Let the people in theses countries fight for their rights and assist, do not just walk in kill the so called bad guy then walk off. They have plenty to replace them. Stabilization after defeat is the only answer but the people of these countries have to do it not us and we have to make this clear. Win a war for a change not run from it. Let our military do their job .\nI find it hilarious that on all the stories about Obama,  the Liberals are quick to say that this is a spoof website and not real news,  then they write a horrible article about Trump and suddenly everyone believes it!\nPeople like to live in a dream world and watch TV yet most have never been out of their own towns much less States. They are hand feed by the bias media and controlled by their PARTY. Time to wake up and use the brain, and that is what Trump is doingwakeing upthe peopleand listining to what we really talk about when we are together not what is POLITICALLY CORRECT real down to earth problems we talk about every day at work and home. Time some one had balls to say what WE want said and not worry about it.\nThis confirms my theory that Trump is running for President on a platform of the most idiotic things he can think of in order to get the American people to wake up and back off. Only its backfired. Now he has to keep being more and more outrageous so that well finally get it, but all that does is get the whole of American non-thinkers all fired up to support him. And there are apparently far more of those than I ever dreamed. After all, look how many people believe this article and are cheering the position.\nHE may also declare war on Mars and other planets ?\nThis is a person with no military experience ,whats so ever more dangerous than Hitler\nIm not the biggest supporter of Trump, but I hate deceptive reporting.  Him saying he will use trident missiles is not a nuclear threat.  They are designed for it, but currently are retrofitted for hypersonic ballistic impact without explosives and carbon rod fragmentation warheads.  Furthermore, most of this report seems to come directly from the Wikipedia page on these missiles.  I got my info from the same place meaning they intentionally left this data out.  Again, not a trump supporter, but down with liberal media and biased agenda.  Have a great day\nWhy is no one pointing out that Trump did not say this? This article is a fabricated, flat out lie. Here is the entire interview, annotated, since none of you seem to have watched it, or read the actual interview. The lack of an informed public, or even a skeptical public is what is killing America. You, all of you, are responsible. You get your fucking news from Facebook Memes, JFC!\nThere were no ISIS  OR HAMAS or ANY of the religious military group operating in Iraq  Saddam wouldnt allow it he considered them a threat to his power,,THAT was before  GEORGE W BUSH invaeded and killed Saddam.ISIS was at one time called the muhajadin,,,,and this is what happened to them.\nFreedom Fighters in Afghanistan  In 1982, Ronald Reagan dedicated the Space Shuttle Columbia to the resistance fighters [Taliban] in Afghanistan.\nIn 1983  Reagan along with Col Oliver North ,,,ARMED,, FINANCED and TRAINED WHAT IS NOW KNOWN AS THE TALIBAN. YES this does  include OSAMA BIN LADEN\n1983, when Reagan and the CIA were dancing around the idea of arming Mujahadin fighters in order to fight back against Soviet incursion in Afghanistan. The result was a well-armed, well-trained group of jihadis who resisted (some say defeated) the onslaught of superior Soviet weaponry.\nOnce the Soviets retreated, the U.S. lost interest and pulled the funding. Osama bin Laden took interest, and filled the vacuum, later fathering the Taliban\n     MISS ME YET ?,,Saddam Housein\nAs much as I am glad that Sadam is dead ,,,,THE WORLD NEEDED HIM,,,,,WHY? He kept his people in check (yes brutaly) and MORE IMPORTANT,, the kept the counties around him in check,, with threats of violence if any of them ever got out of line,,,,BUSH said why we went into Iraq AND he said it publicly,,,, SADAM TRIED TO KILL MY DAD.. George W Bush used the entire United states military force and eight long years of war to find Osama Bin Laden,,,,,two years later Obama sends just two helicopters and about a dozen men and the worlds most wanted terrorist is found AND KILLED\nNuclear threats are so 1980s but then again, so is Trump. He must be flashing back to a time before all of the bankruptcies and ridiculous reality shows. Maybe he will choose David Hasselhoff for his running mate.\nWhat these anti-Trump morons arent smart enough to realize is that Trump is echoing Ronald Reagan who always believed that a president cant take nuclear threats off the table because our enemies view that as weakness. Iran has no compunction about saying death to the United States and Israel. So, why should we be signing a deal with them? If it was our governments stated policy to wipe Iran off the map, does anyone think theyd sign a deal with us? Obama, Kerry, and their acolytes live in a theoretical universe. Iran, however, is very pragmatic; they want those nukes so they can exterminate their enemies. The idiots currently running this country are handing them the detonators.\nBullshit. If you are in favor of nuclear war with Iran, then you are the idiot. How many neocons will be sending their kids to die in yet another right-wing militaristic wetdream?  None, of course. Anyone who believes what Trump the Jackass says is seriously delusional. And Ronnie?  Even that infantile mouthpiece wasnt in favor of nuclear war.\nWOW! Lies seems to be food for the masses that believe such garbage. Trump did not mention Nuclear Weapons  in his response. Furthermore, ISIS has no nuclear capabilities as of yet and all of the world powers are against ISIS, however the dooms day folks are predicating nuclear bombs raining on US Cities, I wonder who will be doing so in defense of ISIS?.\nIf any nuke is used, it should be to nuke his house while he is in it and save millions of lives\nSeriously does this guy even think before he opens his fat trap. Its like hes trying to be a parody of a Neo-Con, which is already a parody in and of themselves.\nTrump doesnt understand that Isis is a distraction and nothing more . Assad in Syria actually protects Christians .The only reason bankers want war with Syria is because Syria is not controlled by a  world central bank !!!  For Trump to take the bait and focus on ISIS , the front organization ,only proves that Trump doesnt understand  world economics or he does and is part of the zionist conspiracy to dominate and control  and impose and expand an already all consuming  world financial Slavery system   . If Trump wants to wage any war at all, wage it on the Central Banking cartel that absolutely loves the chess game and all the pieces created to distract from the ultimate move . WAR, the printing press and guillotine of the murderous Zionist banking Cabal  .Its in the best interest of the people to rid the world of central monopolistic banks and return all currencies to individual country controls based on value rather than debt .\nI think Trump is much smarter than most on this board seem to think. Its too outrageous of a statement to be made by someone who has just conferred with a number of high level military officials. I doubt any high level military official would say, Sure, nuke ISIS.  However, there is an advantage to be gained by threatening use of nuclear weapons, and if we first launch a few strategically place conventional bombs on these missiles, theyll know were serious. Unfortunately, nobody takes the U.S. seriously anymore because of false threats and posturing, but no action. Examples include threats to Assad in Syria should he use chemical weapons. Unfortunately he did, but the there was no follow through from the administration (Line in the Sand was crossed with no response from the U.S.); The Iran nuclear treaty, which implied progress, although the very next week the Ayatollah was preaching Death to America; and finally the large reduction in our military in the last 6 years as the world has gotten more and more dangerous to any casual observer.\nYou all need to calm down. Cant you tell the difference between a Satire site and the Real thing..   I suggest you use your brain, Im assuming you have one. Geesh cant believe so many of you fell for this..\nThis article is a satire piece, meaning it is completely exaggerated and false.  Here is the full interview he is referring to.  And Donald does NOT say what this article is claiming.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GwG1_TkhQI  ALSO, this article, is from August 10th..  (almost a month ago).  If this were true, it would have been a HUGE news story.\nYea, I fell for it, even though it sounded like an incredibly stupid thing for anyone to say, and of course nobody said it. I went back to the Meet the Press interview from August, and Trump never said anything about nukes in this interview. Hoever, he wasnt shy about saying hed take the oil back from ISIS, as thats where theyre getting their money. No oil and theyd largely be defeated. He also suggested hed hit ISIS hard, and of course thats what we should do, and frankly what we are doing in a small way. Trump stopped well short of giving specific details of his plan for ISIS, which is the intelligent thing to do; why signal your next move in a conflict such as this. Sadly, many of our current leaders dont understand this.\nBy the way, I wouldnt call this story satire. Its jsut spreading lies about someone you dont care for..pretty juvenile at best and dangerous at worst.\nPlease cross reference this statement for me, I look at Meet The Press again to see where Trump said this, I cannot find it. Please help me out here as I posted this article on my FB page and Im getting a lot of flack about it.\nIf Trump wants to really use Trident missiles, use them on Mecca and Medina. The sin of this Earth will be cleansed.\nGod bless you Trump!!! Hit them hard hit them good.. wipe this barbarians out of the face of the earth for good. Cheers from Italy!\nI also believe that President Harry Trumans decision to use the atomic bombs against Japan almost certainly saved lives. This is undoubtedly true if one accepts the arguments of U.S. leaders at the time; namely, that not using the atomic bomb would have forced the U.S. to launch a full invasion of Japans home islands, and this would have killed far more people than Hiroshima and Nagasaki.\nIts impossible to know how many people would have perished if allied forces invaded Japan. However, given the stiff resistance U.S. and allied forces faced during the island-hopping campaign of the Pacific War, it would have been many, many times greater than the 200,000+ people that died from the atomic bombings.\nIn fact, the casualties from the U.S. strategic conventional bombing campaign greatly eclipsed the number of individuals who died from the atomic bombings. The March 1945 firebombing of Tokyo alone killed some 120,000 Japanese. A ground invasion would have resulted in nearly immeasurable more casualties. As one scholar who studied the U.S. invasion plan, Operation Downfall, notes: depending on the degree to which Japanese civilians resisted the invasion, estimates ran into the millions for Allied casualties and tens of millions for Japanese casualties.\nhttp://thediplomat.com/2014/08/how-hiroshima-and-nagasaki-saved-millions-of-lives/\nWe can continue to hold civilian casualties of existential enemies as more important than the lives of our own kids, or we can recognize that this is a war, and that collateral damage is less important than the goal of defeating these barbarians. The fact of the matter is this: We killed 2M Vietnamese and 58K Americans by refusing to use our most productive weapons  something no other nation in history has ever done. Had we nuked Hanoi in 1963, we would have killed  literally  millions fewer people. And zero Americans.\nWe utterly defeated Japan and Germany. Although we didnt intentionally target civilians, if they were in a legitimate target area, we understood their deaths were a lower priority than victory. Both countries have been military, economic and political allies ever since, and their people freer, wealthier and better-educated than ever before in their history.\nSo  you can continue to worry about civilian casualties in nations that raise their kids to be terrorists, strap bombs on their kids, and knife civilians in the street or you can grow up, recognize this is a war, and that wars are won by destroying enemy POLITIIES, not just their armies, which are only policy tools. \n.. and that nuclear weapons saved millions of lives in Japan (9M, per the Navy, 5M per the Army), could have saved 2M lives in Vietnam, and that they are the only legitimate way for a modern nation to fight illiterate savage barbarians intent on eradicating us  and all our liberty and freedom.\nI dont always agree with Trump (I rarely do) but i think he may have  something when he suggests the use of thermonuclear bombs against ISIS.  Over 140,000 people died in Hiroshima and Nagasaki but somehow it was justified then.  This may be the way to end this growing threat before it gets worse.  Innocent prole will be killed but how many will be killed by ISIS before they are finished. And how many people have been killed up to now?\nHe is of course correct when someone pushes the game to the limit you only have two choices, fold or kick the poker table over.\nSounds like a very good reason not to let Mr Trump into a position of power. Who is more dangerous here? Has he considered the catastrophic implications such an action will have? Or does he care?\nThe Japanese are NOT anti-American !!!! We dropped two nuclear bombs on them and they love everything that is American !!!\nI have long advocated the use of nuclear weapons against the Islamic State. The best weapons would be low yield antipersonnel nuke known as the neutron bomb would produce the least collateral damage while providing the lasting image of thousands of ISIS jihadis vomiting out their teeth and begging for Allah to take them.\nNuke would be the best thing around these areas ther is always a conflict people there are to stupid to behave normally! Sorry for my bad english im from Germany.\nHarry Truman didnt hesitate and saved the lives of a million U.S. Soldiers.  Donald Trump will not hesitate and he too will save the lives of a million American soldiers, and at the same time decapitate any wannabee capliphates in that regional hellhole for the rest of eternity.  About time.  We should have done this on 9/12/01.\nTrump can say these outrageous things because he has no intention of being President. His sole reason for running is to elect Hillary. #ClintonTrumpConspiracy\nI fully agree with Mr Trump, what he has suggested to deal with ISIS is the only way to eliminate these barbarians.\nWell if he does that Isis will get revenge mark my words ok thanks trump you tell them that real news right now im sure you have the contact for trumper so just tell him if he uses a nuclear weapon on Isis then it wont be so good for him and maybe Isis might just use a nuclear weapon right back on his house and then he wont be so happy about that right ok so just to recap real news right now please tell donald trump like call or email or text or imessage or doesnt matter just tell him somehow like you can even do it in person if you want but just tell him if he even thinks about using a nuclear weapon against Isis then Isis wont be so happy and hell be in big trouble and he might need to get a timeout and that timeout may or may not include a nuclear weapon landing on his doorstep\nNever mind Isis cant actually afford nuclear weapons because everybody that knows our bank account details just keep dying and its really annoying cause then we have to go rob the bank to actually get the money back and it doesnt even really work sometimes because sometimes they dont keep all of our money at the actual bank so sorry forget what i said before because apparently we wasted all our nuclear weapons. Just politely ask donald trump not to use a nuclear weapon against Isis. Say please and thank you and tell them that Mohammed sent you. Thanks and allah bless\nI tried to verify that Trump said what you attribute to him on the Aug. 9 Meet the Press, but could not.\nTrump is such an idiot Im afraid this will happen, which is why people SHOULD NOT vote for trump! Where does everyone think that radiation will go? The winds can and will carry that fallout to greater countries, maybe even China, which Trump is always talking about being allies, but the truth is, he doesnt care if any citizens are hurt from other countries, until they start nuking us. Supporting Trump is literally going to cause World War 3.\nDonald Trump has spoken only the truth in his campaign for the presidency.  For over thirty years the United States of America has practiced patience in dealing with the moronic warlords of islam.  The have imprisoned our people, tortured our people, killed our people and above all the rest they have unleashed hideous terrorism all over the globe.  Western man does not study nor understand history.  This cult of murders has practiced warfare against\nALL other cultures and peoples since the first day Mohammad INVENTED this  cleaver Ponzi scheme of stealing their neighbors goods, lands, people.  THAT is all islam is about  1. TAKING EVERYTHING WORTH TRANSPORTING AND 2. GIVING JUST A LITTLE BIT TO THE JHIADISTS WHO DO THE KILLING AND DYING.\nYES!  It is time to eradicate this filthy cancer of human genes.  The world will be once again free when they are all gone.  Mr.  Trump knows that.  I know that.  And now you do too.\nI feel like the republicans are still following the example set by George Bush. The display of aggression and readiness to take life shown by D. Trump is comparable only to the acts committed by terrorists. I do not think he is stable enough to lead USA. I am a student from Chicago, and given the recent interviews , Donald Trump is clearly averse to peace, and his aggressive tactics will only aggravate the situation. I have nothing to say about Islam, its not a religion I am familiar with. But what I do know is that behaving the way Trump is will only alienate and agitate innocent( until proven guilty) people. He is clearly frightened, and that is not something we want in a leader.\nFucking absolutely, these dumb asss dont  realize that humanity moves forward, we dont live in caves anymore. And I believe that the world will come together someday and everybody will enjoy the rewards of being as one WORLD.\nId drop a bomb on them rite now , but apparently our government does not have the BALLS to do it, TRUMP FOR PRES.\nno world leader will using nuclear weapons as they dont work period, just a total sham otherwise they would have been used already. Satans minions are trying to deceive the populace otherwise, but the populace are waking up to see this deception.\nMr Donaldopinion on the use of nuclear weapons on ISIS is to save America from fundamentalists. It is time for ISIS to ponder over the matter. Another thing, USA under Mr Donald Trump should not be so harsh to use atom bomb as lakhs of civilians would die.\nWhat an idiot. That would be like using an A-bomb on Anonymous, or all the hackers and trollers. In fact, I am absolutely certain that ISIL/ISIS/Deash are the inheritors of those tactics and techniques, but no one has actually made that direct connection. Oddly.\nHe wants to start a nuclear war?  Thats his big solution?  The mind is boggled and the brains refuse to comprehend that someone could be so hopelessly uninformed that he could think this would solve all our problems.Im just.there is no word for it!\nTrump is the choice of a hysterical segment of the population which is willing to ignore blatantly obvious warning signs that he is a dangerous man. Oblivious to the content of his public rants, and spurred on by frustration with the polarized stalemate of US politics; his supporters are content to jump out of the frying pan and into the fire. The cure is worse than the disease by far.\n Trump is a sociopath who longs to run his fingers over the nice smooth buttons that control the giant US military arsenal and from the sound of his rhetoric, he doesnt seem averse to pushing them.\nMore lies from leftists who want to change the news and quotes to suit their agenda. Trump did indeed day he would consider Trident missile strikes as quoted; HOWEVER HE NEVER STATED ANYTHING ABOUT NUCLEAR LOADS. The D-5 Trident has had non Nuclear LOADS developed for well over a decade, primarily to be used in the Middle East against Iran, if necessary. Just Google it. Mr. Hobbus is a deceiver, a LIAR.\nCan somebody please get this Trump maniac of the course. We, and that means by that a lot of millions of people get scarred from this idiot. He is worst than I.S. No third world war for me.\nDonald J. Trump is an egotistical, narcisstic, bipolar, borderline psychopath! Who loves talking on circles. Just what is his definitive plan on how he is going to make America great again?\nDonald J. Trump is an egotistical, narcisstic, bipolar, borderline psychopath! Who loves talking on circles. Just what is his definitive plan on how he is going to make America great again? Hes a moron too!\n100% behind Trump on this one. Re Japs championing restrictions on nuclear bombs. They should have been eradicated totally in the first place. Stone age mentality and table manners of pigs.\nTrumpy the clown must be the most stupid person who ever lived.  He hasnt even gotten to the election and is promising WWIII to happen.  And just think, half this country thinks he is a god.  That says allot for the republicans dumbing down of America stance.\nWell we can put our head in the sand like we did with Adolf Hitler or we can use the atomic bomb give fair warning to all civilians to leave\nPlease do not give this man nuclear weapons to play with. I absolutly believe that nukes are an unfortunate necessity in the world as it is now, but we cant just start dropping 100 kiloton bombs everywhere- the civilian deaths would be unforgivable and the war would just be extended indefinatly. ISIS could be tasken out by many other means-we cant start killing hundreds of thousands of civilians to kil a few thousand extremists. 1 of our modern nukes are many times more powerful than both  those used on japan in WW2. We dont need WW3- and if a world war kicks off then we are giving these religious nut jobs exactly what they want. Just send in secial forces from allied nations and they will clean up ISIS without creating anarchy.\nI really dont like Donald Trump BUTthis is the first time he said something that makes senseit seems that all the countries are too damn afraid of ISISif i was the president of the United states i too would drop not a bomb but but duzens of bombs all over the ISIS stronghold pointsthe Isis must DIE once and for alland also im not joking, im seriousto protect our homefront i would do it without blinking\nDONALD TRUMP is an Hitler with nuclear options never let him near the nuclear button. Jan af Klintberg Chiapas Mexico e-mail:klintbergjan@hotmail.com\njust get on with it then,all gob and no action,it will not happen. all\npoliticians are ,and will always be bull shiters\nThis man is a huge megalomaniac of the worse order.\nI can only pray he does NOT get elected to anything with more power than a garbage collector.\nLet me get this right  a number of active military advisers told Trumpet that a nuclear weapon could be used in a surgical strike? A lot of bluster from a guy who doesnt understand even a childs elementary understanding of nuclear weapons. Many many people are saying, not me but many knowledgeable people have said Don Trumpet has been sending HUGE amounts of money, probably Billions of dollars to support ISIL/Daesh and this is why he wont share any of his tax returns.\nIf this is a joke its not funny I would not shed a tear for thousands of  terriosts lives lost but atomics would kill thousands of innocent men, women and children who unfortunately had the misfortune of living in a terrorist occupied city and a Trump presidency\nHere is a transcript of that Meet the Press program. Im absolutely no Trump backer, but the quotes given here are totally fictional, aka lies.\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/meet-the-press/meet-press-transcript-august-9-2015-n408516\nI agree with launching a nuclear strike on Syrian territory held by Isis and if Isis doesnt surrender after that strike we should launch the second one on Fallujah. Keep our troops safe.\nI agree that we should launch a nuclear strike against Isis controlled territory in Syria and if those cockroaches dont surrender after that we should launch the second one on Fallujah. Keep our troops safe.\nI agree that we should launch a nuclear strike against Isis controlled territory in Syria and if those cockroaches dont surrender after that we should launch the second one against Fallujah. Keep our troops safe.\nI dont think radioactive fallout will be a problem at all after nuking Isis in Syria and Fallujah just like it wasnt a problem after dropping the big one on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.\nArab men only provoke this and bring this on themselves, by showing off their beards and not wearing the right clothing like rad suits.\nThe fact that anyone would vote for this man proves to me how much the Republican party has let us down on educational spending. But that shouldnt surprise anyone an ignorant work force is what the billionaires they work for want.\nWhere and when did Trump say, I will absolutely use a nuclear? Nothing in the article to show he said that. News articles arent the place for poetic license. Journalism sticks to the facts.\nGod has authorized the United States to use nuclear weapons against China. I asked God. China failed. No casualties in the United States\nYour report on President Trump using nuclear weapons on ISIS is a joke, as is the reporter who wrote it!\nSeriously you wonder why the news is distrusted this is it. Dishonest and pushing s liberal agenda, how to sleep at night spreading so many lies!\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Donald Trump told Meet the Press on Sunday that as Commander-in-Chief, he would authorize the use of nuclear weapons to combat Islamic extremism."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-29T10:07:21+00:00", "title": "Obama to Temporarily Suspend Habeas Corpus in North Dakata", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/obama-to-issue-temporary-suspension-of-habeas-corpus-in-north-dakota/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama will exercise his executive powers on Monday when he signs an executive order issuing a temporary suspension of habeas corpus in Morton County, North Dakota, where protesters aligned with the Standing Rock Indian reservation are preventing construction of a crucial portion of the Dakota Access oil pipeline.\nYour voices have been heard, President Obama declared during an address to demonstrators. However, I dont think the answer is to continue stonewalling the inevitable. The president, who previously expressed support for the demonstrations, called the pipeline an important and necessary part of American infrastructure, saying, This is something that will enhance and strengthen our nation for generations to come.\nThe writ of habeas corpus, which grants prisoners or detainees the right to challenge the legality of their imprisonment, is covered in the Suspension Clause of the U.S. Constitution under Article One and, as such, shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it.\nFor federal authorities in North Dakota, the writs suspension allows for far greater powers in terms of arrest and detainment of protesters, journalists, and other disruptive individuals. Whether they admit it or not, a lot of these people who have presented themselves as reporters are actively taking steps to impede the construction of this pipeline, said Major General Arnold Dohlmann of the North Dakota Army National Guard. Backed by force of fifteen hundred seasoned soldiers, Maj, Gen. Dohlmann is set to assume command of law enforcement operations in Morton County immediately following President Obamas suspension of habeas corpus on Monday.\nAs it stands, my orders are to detain anyone suspected of interfering with the continued efforts by Energy Transfer Partners and their respective contractors to install the Dakota Access Pipeline. Further, Ive received authorization from the White House to hold these individuals until construction of the pipeline is completed. Maj. Gen. Dohlmann said the Army National Guard is in the process of erecting two temporary internment facilities on the outskirts of Morton County where detainees will be held pending the pipelines completion. Citing the need for operational security, Dohlmann declined to specify the exact location of the internment facilities.\nThe decision by the Obama administration comes at a time when clashes between demonstrators and local authorities have reached an all-time high. On Thursday, the Morton County Sheriffs Department announced that a six-hour long police operation targeting a Dakota Access protest site near Backwater Bridge resulted in the arrests of approximately 141 demonstrators.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama will exercise his executive powers on Monday when he signs an executive order issuing a temporary suspension of habeas corpus..."}
{"published_time": "2017-01-12T12:28:31+00:00", "title": "Poll: Just Over 1 in 3 Americans Would Support an Obama Monarchy", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/new-poll-shows-just-over-1-in-3-americans-would-support-an-obama-monarchy/", "text": "CAMBRIDGE, Ma.  A new Fox News poll conducted during President Obamas farewell address on Tuesday shows that nearly 37% of American voters would adhere to a monarchy-style government under Barack Obama. As a monarch, Mr. Obama would command total power and authority over the United States for life or until abdication.\nWhats interesting about this is it really shows you the immense impact President Obama has made on the lives of ordinary Americans over the last eight years, remarked Martha MacCallum, co-host ofAmerican Newsroom,which airs 9 AM  11 AM EST on Fox News. MacCallum noted that of the 37% in favor, a startling 16% said they would strongly prefer a repressive monarchy under Obama over a constitutional republic under Trump.\nFurther, a large fraction of American voters said theyd be willing to sacrifice certain basic freedoms and rights in order to support an Obama monarchy. Of the options provided, 57% favored relinquishing at least half of their annual income to the monarchy. Meanwhile, 25% of those surveyed said they could do without the right to own firearms if it would please the monarchy and 18% would be willing to give up their right to own land.\nThe poll, which surveyed 1,039 randomly selected registered voters nationwide, suggests that many Americans are fed up with politics as usual in the United States. If weve learned anything from this election, its that people are sick of the status quo, saidBreitbart News Networks chief political analyst Dr. Elliot Stabler. My only concern here is that a monarchy could hinder the spread of nationalism in this country.\nOverall, 92% of those in favor of a monarchy-style government said they were confident Barack Obama would be a fair and just monarch rather than one who is aggressive and unforgiving. While 44% agreed that Mr. Obama should tap his eldest daughter, eighteen year-old Malia Ann, as his successor, more than 63% said they strongly believe fifteen year-old Sasha Obama can be groomed into one day becoming a powerful and influential ruler.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A new Fox News poll conducted during President Barack Obama's farewell address shows that nearly 37% of American voters would adhere to a monarchy under Mr."}
{"published_time": "2015-02-28T22:02:39+00:00", "title": "Obama to Issue Executive Order Extending Term Limits", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/02/obama-to-issue-executive-order-extending-presidential-term-limits/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama will exercise his presidential powers this week when he signs an executive order directing the Supreme Court to indefinitely suspend the 22nd Amendment. Coming on the heels of the Conservative Political Action Conference held at Marylands National Harbor, President Obama announced his decision to temporarily end presidential term limits, saying, Im not seeing any potential presidential candidates on either side of the aisle who are capable of carrying out the task of running the country.\nCiting poor performance on the part of a Republican-controlled congress, the struggling economy, and the continuing situation with ISIS, Obama said he feels obligated to continue his term in order to steer the country away from crisis just like Roosevelt.\nThis is not something out of the ordinary, says political analyst Elliot Stabler. We already have several states with no gubernatorial term limits. Connecticut, Idaho, Massachusetts, Washington, Vermont, New York, just to name a few. In fact Michael Bloomberg repealed term limits in order to run for a third time as New York City mayor.\nIn addition Mr. Obama has ordered the National Guard to remain on standby in the months leading up to and during his third term. He will issue a second executive order authorizing the Department of Justice to temporarily suspend Habeas Corpus in the event a state of emergency is declared due to opposition to his decision to continue the presidency.\nThe Twenty-second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution was ratified on February 27th, 1951 and sets a limit of two four-year terms for the office of the President of the United States. Since ratification there have been several unsuccessful attempts to repeal the 22nd Amendment. Most recently Democratic congressman Barney Frank and Senator Harry Reid introduced legislation to repeal presidential term limits. Republican Senator Mitch McConnell has sought to pass similar legislation. All three congressmen support Obamas decision to take on another term, which begins January 20th, 2017.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nI dont think so why change it. u aint made no big progress in 8 yrs the poor still poor the rich still rich. Kids still starving n dying everyday, cops getting worst an worst. Your tryna fight war n fix another country when Ares is completely broken .. Dont try to out smart the judicial courts n start getting greedy u had more then a fair share of presidency sit back n let the next try\nIay, while I agree with you that Obama has had plenty of time, you complete and utter lack of a grasp of spelling and grammar is appalling.\nGrammarQueen I am sure you meant your and not you in the above statement. However, since you called someone else out, I had to point out YOUR,complete and utter lack of a grasp of spelling.\nWow because your just perfect right. What kind of ahole are you? It is people like you that people dont want to give a just opinion. How about befor you start insulting someone you try to learn some manners.\nI agree Jay .Why do people cut others down so much when we speak ..I Already know i too have bad grammarSo Jay thank You for sticking up for others ..dang was this a grammar contest or comment on obutmaI for sure rather him Plz step down dont do the USA more harmRespect and Manners go along way .\nGet out of your glass house before you throw stones. You complete and utter. would make much more sense as Your complete..\nTechnically, you are right. Although anyone who reads this trash, and actually believes it is a complete and utter retard. I know a kid with down syndrome who loves across my block who might be smarter then everyone here who believes this article.\nCheck your own statement before jumping on someone else.  Yours is incorrect.  YOUR instead of YOU.  Reread BEFORE you hit the enter key.\nGrammerQueen, you grammar is not too good you self. Why dont you speak to the issue and not bother people with trivial grammar correction. Especially when you make the same errors in you own grammar. You a hypocrite.\nwho cares about spelling..shut your  mouth who made you the standard  to abide by.  you are a joke. find something to do with your life that matters. people like you are whats wrong with this country.you are great at playing the simon says game but cant think for yourself..your a dope !!!! go win a spelling b some where\nso you can feel important..\nyou complete and utter lackguess you are the one that cant spell..why would you want to say such a thing anyway..we can all understand what he said..so go read a book and leave good people alonecrazy\nIts called laid back dont give a shit typing,he got his point across and all you could see was the bad grammar.\nHA HA HA HA  Grammar Queen tries to correct someones grammar and spelling, by using grammar and spelling that is barely recognizable.\nPlease proof YOUR own comment before criticizing someone elses. I wouldve rather read his comment 10 times over than read yours once. Why do we all have such a willingness to jump and judge others for the same faults we possess?\nI dont understand how you criticise him about having to retake on another term and having done anything big. Anybody who wants to be rich is going to do so by his own will and work not by not doing nothing and sitting on his behind. If there are people without money its not his job. If u want it to where everybody has the same amount every week, try  moving to a communist country and see how they work to have food. Unlike most people in the urban areas and even people who think like you in the U.S. who think that everything should be given to them for free.\nIts not the presidents job to help people with no money? Did you really say that? The president has nothing to do with improving economy? Creating jobs? Helping those who cant help themselves? What the heck is his job then?\nI agree, its not the presidents job. His job is this The executive branch is the part of the government that has its authority and responsibility for the daily administration of the state. The executive branch executes, or enforces the law. The division of power into separate branches of government is central to the idea of the separation of powers. It is not his duty to make law, that is the duty of congress. Im not here to give you a lesson in Government Politics. That your job as an American citizen, to learn so that you would not be ignorant to how the government operates; in hopes that with all citizens being informed on these matters that we would have a government that operates the way it was created to.\nHey a hole most people in urban dont want everything for free even though they built this f n country, they ask for a fair chance from a bunch of lazy ass cheats who stulolebthis f n country in the first f n place butt you wipe.\nI hope his does go to Jail. Obama did more unconstitutional actions then any other President that we had. He dont deserve to be our President  he deserved behind bars.\nWhich unconstitutional actions are you speaking of? Nothing has been proven in the Supreme Court! Just because republicans say so, does not make it so. This is the Foxanization of the populace that believes in their bullshit!\nI agree, being able to hold American citizens in prison indefinitely with out trial because they are deemed a terrorist by the government standards, is absolutely unconstitutional!\nYou have got to be kidding. First off this article is utter bullshit. Second,  at least isnt a war criminal like Bush and Cheney\nFind out the truth about the executive orders he hasnt signed near what most Presidents have signed ,find the truth for yourself instead of being lazy and just listening to these hater stations. Grow the  f up,thats why this country is so full of hate, people like you.\nThe ignorance of liberals astounds me. Like the saying goes,  you cant fix stupid. WMD? Yeah lastI heard they found a few stockpiles of them.  The CIA worked with an Iraqi who directed them to them.  There goes your narative, but the bigger question is why dont you know this?  Obama is borderline unconstitutional in his actions but they are criminal and could be construed as treason. The question I think all of us that see Obama for exactly who he is, is why the rest of American cant put 2 and 2 together? Why cant you see that he is destroying this country? I am not going to sit here and point out the many many things Obama has done that hurt America because if you cant see them by now you never will. Cognitive dissonance would be what half of America is suffering from and maybe, just maybe when it comes and smacks them upside the head they will realize what we were all saying but I wont hold my breath.\nJay, ( a-hole ) friend.\nRandy, the name of the person she was communicating with used a lower case for their name.\nGrammarQueen, tHeiyll never understand the responsibility of a grammar nazi. Hang in ther peaches, Yourll get ur arspect someday.\nYou must not know very much about our country!!! Im so sick and tired of everyone bad  mouthing the police!! None of us know what police officers go through to bash them and what they do!! I agree that his terms are up,  but its not about letting another person try this isnt a video game!!! I hate seeing ignorant people trying to make comments on what they know nothing about. I dont fully agree with our legal system by any means, but it doesnt start at the police level they are just doing their jobs.\nJust doing their job ?????????? Really are you so ignorant you over look the fact that Nazi party members, that were put on trial for war crimes..were just doing their job it was an unacceptable answer for them. Then why is it acceptable in the country of what is supposed to be a world leader and role model?\nAnd to think, you honestly believe youre smarter than other people!!! LHH\nOk people we have to stick together here ,its not about one persons spelling or proper grammar.It is about the communist trying to destroy our once great country.I have been saying all along o will never leave the wh martial law is right around the corner and there is nothing left to protect us,we the people either fight or roll over and accept that our freedom is given away and become slaves to the state!good by America hello ostupid villa and dicktaker obama as our stupid commander and theif\nThis article is full of shit. The President does not have the power to order the Supreme Court to do that. Only Congress has the power to change the constitution. Presidents can declare Martial law, though, and disband the Court and Congress. There lies the true danger.\nIf congress is the only body that can alter or  change  our constitution then what the f**k just happened when the supreme court ordered all 50 states to allow same sex marriage? I agree that congress is the only body that can make these changes, every aspect needs a vote by the people, but they just did what they should not be able to do? This country is in a downward spiral and a revolution will  be at hand if they continue perverting the constitution.\n@ Sthrnmetal, you asked If congress is the only body that can alter or  change  our constitution then what the f**k just happened when the supreme court ordered all 50 states to allow same sex marriage? If you read the Supreme Courts decision, you would understand that the Supreme Court did not alter or change the Constitution. It provided a ruling on allowing same-sex marriage in all 50 states based on the 14th Amendment to the Constitution.\nyou are correct friend, and I will raise you one. The Supreme Court does not have the Authority to Change the Constitution  either.  It requires a 2/3 vote in both houses and needs ratified by 2/3 of the states. That is why changes are so rare. I think the whole article was just a bogus hoax to see how many people they could get riled.\nHe wasnt a president to begain with and he wants to to just let it go and let him with another term i dont thank so he hed run this country into the ground so personaly it not going to happen. IT WILL BE A REVALUTION:\nWell, you are obviously a product of charter schools since you cant spell and your grammar is awful. And lets add in your lack of understanding how the governments works. The Supreme Court cannot change the constitution they only can rule on lawsuits that are brought before them. Only the congress can institute a change to the constitution. And once they approve that, it has to go to the states to be ratified.\nPlease, do some googling before you embarrass yourself in public.\nAnd despite your desire, he was elected twice. And is the President. Get over it. We had to suffer under 8 years of George Bush. You get to suffer under 8 years of Obama. Life goes on. L\nits coming. If everyone in Washington rolls over for him then our goose is cooked.How can you compare the Bushs with Obama..Theres a big  difference in going to Iraq and taking away our rights,and making friends with Iran. Do you realize what is going to happen if that goes threw. Do you think Iran can be trusted. They hate us as much as Isreal. God help us all\nwell we will see its july 6th and nothing has come of this yet I say proof will be in the announcement seems by now it would have happened and we would have no need of all these that have signed up to run for the elections of new President  !!!!\n3 years ago i predicted this HATEFUL bastard would try to go this route!  WE MUST IMPEACH HIM!!!!  TRAITORS BELONG IN JAIL, not on the ballot!\nTechnically, you are right. Although anyone who reads this trash, and actually believes it is a complete and utter retard. I know a kid with down syndrome who loves across my block who might be smarter then everyone here who believes this article.\nI spoke of this 5yrs ago.  I didnt push the idea then because I really didnt think the general public would be so blind and ignorant to vote him back in office a second time.  Shows you how stupid I can be.  I cant possibly imagine him being put in office another time.  Its going to be extremely hard for a next president to right all the wrongs Obiteme has perpetrated on the American public.\nQuietly gather\nPopulate throughout\nSmile\nDivert attention\nPlan\nWait\nAlmost asleep, now. Shhhh\nDate, time, exact moment chosen\nInfrastructure first\nLines of communication\nEvery cell tower\nEvery power plant\nInability to organize is their weakness now\nPlunge them into befuddled chaos\nNo news broadcasts\nLet them speculate\nBlow the bridges, all roads\nNo food deliveries\nNo gasoline deliveries\nEven generators fall silent\nNationwide food spoilage\nNo help, no escape, just isolation\nWell take them one town at a time, one city at a time.\nTheyre lazy, spoiled, fat, tolerent, weak\nSynchronize\nUnmask\nRevealtick, tick, tick\nNOW!\nALLAHU ACKBAR!!!\n(I wrote that years ago, sent it to every branch of the military, the FBI, CIA. Got no response; I wasnt expecting any.) Copy & paste, if you desire. If this is true , BHOs seeking a third or unlimited term, he is already preparing for the resistance. Thats why hes depleted our military of patriotic high-ranking officials for refusing to fire upon American citizens. Thats why he erased our borders  to make it easier for illegals to become a financial burden and allow ISIS to enter unencumbered. People who called him incompetent underestimated the depth of his cleverness nor did they recognize his determination to destroy America. The time for the next American Revolution isnow.\nSo true in a lot of ways, Americans have giving our government total control! And i mean the fact that all these people rely on assistance and would rather collect free $$ well it comes with a price and a  consequence. Now dont get crazy on me yet, see they want weak sheep that cant fend for there selves! Are children lack discipline, they lack work ethic, the things that built this country! A lot could not make it without that free $$, as well as I bet 70 % without power for grocery stores and refrigeration. Gardening and hunting and fishing such as human survival are out of the ?? most cant even cook! It is no different than government liberal media pushing racism, see the more they divide the people the stronger they become!! I feel sorry for the future generations of this country, my life is over half way over and it hurts me to see what we are becoming! So many people spilled there blood for this land and a purpose that is depleting everyday. Are boarders are a joke, and this is after 9/11 that is inexcusable! We are paying China 500 million a month in interest on are loan! Thank god for the NRA if I can say that anymore and I dont mean NRA I mean GOD!  Are country wants the guns out of your hands and by making convicted felons and B.S. media. I have said over and over watch out for the smoke screen effect, smart people keep there enemies close, divert attention. Take a look the past 15 or more years every time there has been a ? of a political official all the way to the Clinton sex scandal a U.S. embassy has been bombed or something like 9/11 !! The day Obama closed the Federal government and said veterans could not visit there memorials and closed parks this same man let 60,000 people gather at a Federal monument which most were illegal aliens to protest our border policies! Dont speak out of haste and bicker about spelling, try to help your fellow American see the problems along with you. Then we can try to remedy them and return this Country of AMERICA the U.S.A. to its greatness of people that never took freedom for free. Patriotism, Liberty, Honor, Morals, Sacrifice, Pride, or maybe I am just Hoping. GODBLESS\nThis is going to be our destiny, because people have it too easy.  The government will take care of us.  Thats what the Germans thought before WWII.  They may not have wanted war, but their phony leader took them there and proceeded to kill anyone who disagreed with him (Hitler).  You think this cant possibly happen to this country?  Think again, its already in the works, a 3rd term for Obastard will seal the deal.  I cant understand many liberal people and their points-of-view.  They have been blinded by dumb giveaways.  Trust me, theyll get theirs when the time comes and they dont fight for their freedom.  And this is what I think about anyone who thinks Obama is a gift.  Nuff said.\nReally people!!!!! This is a fake article. Reporter Elliot Stabler.. i guess nobody commenting on here has ever seen the NBC series Law & Order SVU. who featured a detective with the name.you guessed it..Elliot Stabler!\nMaybe you dopes should worry less about grammar and focus on bogus stories that suck you in and make you look stupid.\nAnyone who believes this article misunderstands what executive orders are and what their intended function is. Executive orders direct Federal agencies to carry out statutes and regulations in a specific manner. Every president issues executive orders on a variety of topics and most executive orders are so boring and ordinary that no one in the media or general public pays any attention to them. Some executive orders just reverse some of the previous presidents executive orders.\nQuoting Eliot Stabler was my clue this article is bogus.  I loved Chris Meloni on Law and Order SVU, but his fictional character is not a political expert.  Yet.  LOL\nWhy are you all picking on the President why not the Republican Congress? Lets call a spade a spade. Bigots, hateful people as Bill Cummingham would say lets put the cheese on the cracker. If the republicans would work with him instead against him just because he is black he could and would get a lot more done. He is not the President who created all  these problems but sure hell Is doing a good job cleaning up other peoples mess.  Be honest with yourselves and give credit when credit is do. Instead of sitting back complaining and criticizing look at yourselves and ask what are you doing or have done  for your country. Then compare what you have done verses what he has done. Now go somewhere, shut-up and sit down.\nIt isnt because he is black (which he isnt!). Its because he is a traitor and a liareven worse than republicans. Obama needs to be put in front of a firing squad for his treasonous actions\nWhat does it mean for someone to be black then? Both parents need to be black? But what makes the parents black? Racism exists but race actually doesnt. The legal definition used to depend on the state, but anyway, most people consider Obama black because he has a white mother and black father.\nAs far as treason is concerned, what specific law has he broken and what evidence do you have that he has broken that law? Instead of charging him with treason because you dont like him or his policies, why dont you work to support candidates and activists who oppose him? Do you really want to live in a country where elected officials are killed by people who disagree with them?\nLook at Zimmerman. The media couldnt stand to leave the white part out of white Hispanic. Just calling him Hispanic would do nothing to push the agenda. \nThe media picks the race they want to push so that they can influence the opinions of those that are not educated.\nSure, lets call a spade a spadeBarry is only 25% blackthe rest is white and arab. So which race should one direct his bigotry toward? If this is what you call cleaning up a mess, Then id rather have dirty socks all over my bathroom floor. This article is a farce to misinform the low educated voters so  they go out and make a fool of themselves spreading around the bull.\nHe is a traitorous P.O.S. ! Anti-American He is not doing these things because he is black ! he hasnt helped a single black person yet ! he is doing them because he is a filthy stinking muzzrat !                                    I LOVE MY COUNTRY ,I HATE THAT BASTARD !    .                                                                                        GET OUT OBAMA !   .                                                                                                                                           TAKE YOUR FELLOW ILLEGALS WITH YOU !.,\nIt will take 20 years to undo the damage done by Bush1, Clinton, Bush2, and Obama. Different partiessame agenda.divide and conquer and usher in the NWO.\nYou are the part of the problem. That man has done nothing but set this country back. It So many ways. The only reason there isnt more done about it is because he is black. Im not racist by any means. But thats the truth. No way he will get a 3rd term. Sum 80 million Americans hate him. If 1% of them are willing to stand up and fight he is done. Im guessing once any force that big starts going after him more will follow. The Army, marines, navy, air force barely have those numbers as a whole. Some of the 80 million that hate him are apart of the military. And shame you for saying he done more for this country than anyone. He is hands down the worst President the U.S.  has ever had. He,has single handly ruined it for anyone but rich white men to be elected. Its aweful. His record of his shitty actions speak louder than anything else he has done. Millions more Americans are on welfare and food stamps since his terms. The unemployment rate has increased by more than 5% since his second term. He isnt helping anyone. He is hurting the people, and he is acting like a dictator. I personally think someone will shoot him if he manages to get this done way before he can be sworn into office. Why else would he be worried enough to have the national gaurd on stand by? Anyways, i was going to stay out of the comments, but i read yours and decided you were very miss informed about the president.\nNo need to mention my punctuation or grammatical mistakes. I see and know what they are.  As long as you get the meaning.\nHes cleaning up what?\nIs he fixing the National debt?\nHow about foreign policy? It is wrong of him to bow to a foreign leader.\nI dont have all of the specifics, but I do know this list of counter points can be made very extensive.\nIm frightened and surprised there are still fools who believe the presidents(lower case intentional) interests are aligned with the United States best interest.\nThe agenda I see from the peoples limited view point is not just a distribution of wealth among the citizens of the US economy, but a complete distribution bleeding out from here to the entire globe, or those who he sees fit.\nNo conspiracy theory here, just observation. Its about all that makes sense now.\nHow do all of our debtors collect on what we cant pay?\nHow weak do we really want our military?\nIs this really a world where lowering our defenses is a good idea? Ask Putin.\nAs far as this being a bogus story, I actually expected to hear of a new hot war around the next election in which the president doesnt have to give up his seat during war-time conflict.\nMan, some of you people are super ignorant. You say what he hasnt done as if you have been any better.\n1) he ordered  seal team six to take out Osamathrough all the time bush was in the seat, he couldnt even do that.\n2) you say he hadnt fixed out economy? Well bush left the country in shit, since then hes increased our economy and bought up our countries GDP.\n3) he cut our economic deficits by two thirds\n4) gave our military a raise after bushes actually decreased our pay. And the military hasnt gotten a raise since the 90s.\n5) since he took office, he raised the unemployment rates and created over 5 millions jobs according to the IMF.\n6) and even though so many ignorant people want to hate Obama for reforming our healthcare system, it was something that was needed. Every country around the world has a free healthcare system and free education. The difference is that those countries pay higher taxes for those. Our new healthcare system allows us to pay no more then 200 bucks a month. Or you can pay less depending on what kinds of healthcare you prefer. This health care system is great because this time around were not paying a shitload of money for healthcare from a system that treated us like crap, this time, all the healthcare facilities have to fight to get us and they are fighting to give us the best because we now own the system as it should be. Because all this ame to be, most people were paying more then 200 month for bullshit health insurance that wasnt even that great.\n7)he enables women to get equal pay when before his precedence, there was no other precedent who fought for that equality.\n8) hes enabling minimum wage worker to have atleast 1 weeks payed vacation when thats something that should be given and taken care as a society. But before he ever took that position, no one ever considered giving a burgerking employee a payed sick leave. \nTheres a lot to be said about what hes done. I am not saying hes perfect but hes doing more than what most precedents have done or willing to do.  People need to open their eyes and analyze whAt hes been doing instead of being so easily manipulated by the media.\nIts not an easy job being a president that has to fix a shithole that the previous left but hes done a lot.\nhes a muslim the most backward hateful religion in the world, that rape women and subjugate themwhat rights will anyone have if he wont obey law\n@Finkle, I agree with you 100%. Its nice to see someone who appreciates the president and what he is done for this country.\nSorry, Clinton left the economy like that. Everybody blames somebody else for why things are what they are. The buck stops here started and ended with Truman. Obama is the Teflon president. Nothing sticks to him. Hes had either no knowledge, or somebody else was responsible. Economy is worse than ever. You cant print yourself out of debt, or tax yourself (us ). Unemployment is lower than ever. Because benefits ran out for them. This is not a rosy picture.\nFinkle drank the damn coolaide and ate the wrapper it came in. His stats are bogus and manipulated to look good. The employment stats do not account for the people who just quit looking for a job. Ignorance is bliss and the left are so living in bliss.\nThis article is satirical.  Barney Frank is no longer in Congress.  Just because its on the Internet doesnt mean its true.\nThis is about a terrorist trying to to get more time to take over out country and you guys are fighting about proper grammer?\nLOL.. It doesnt look like he has taken over the country in the 7 years he has been president. If that was his plan, he would have done it by now!! Maybe he is going to wait until the last minute. lol\nImagine someone actually saying that the current president has fought for equal pay for women. Even though, according to the White House financial statements, the women of his staff have received approximately $0.82 per $1.00 as men. Now can you explain how he has made it better for women?  Also with o(BUM)a care, yes I can agree that something needed to be done to correct some issues with our healthcare system, but not a complete new system, where he decided who had to pay the fine or tax whichever you prefer to call it. Also, if it is so great, then why did the very members of congress who passed this enormous fine, create another amendment exempting themselves. Yes, they say, (well we already have health insurance through the government so we are exempt, because if you have health insurance and you like your insurance, then you keep your insurance). Remember that load of bull that he lied to us about. He knew when the bill was written that people couldnt keep their insurance, so therefore he lied to the American people. That HAS been proven. Im not saying he is the only one, because the Repubs also signed the amendment to keep off o(BUM)a care.\nI believe this even though I am Scottish. Do you have any links my friend?\nI did this a while back about Obama using Martial Law to stay in power..\nCan you link for this buddy? \nTechnically, if he reveals himself to really be foreign born, then he could claim the 22nd amendment doesnt apply to him.\nHeh.\nI wish this were true, we need to progress into the future not digress back to failed policies, trickle down economics and such.\nI would love to see the sources on this not even the extreme right wing foxnews is reporting on this. If this were real, foxnews would have a field day with it! And the left wing news outlets would be in high praise. This article just screams bogus.\nWhy dont people ever bother to look this kind of crap up? America has become a bunch of suckers that will believe anything that supports our opinions and conspiracies!\nThis man is a complete and utter failure. He has destroyed this country on many levels not the least of which is setting back race relations 50 years. His job is to ensure the safety and security of this nation. Over the years Presidents have gotten involved in what should have been the State governments responsibility of caring for those people in their states along with the assistance of the local city governments. The Federal government has over stepped is bounds and authority more and more. We the people are to be in control, not the politicians in the public office. We are their bosses. Its about time we take that authority back that we so sheepishly gave up.\nDamnit people leave grammar at school and comment on what the topic is. At least (lay) actually commented on the topic. The rest of yall are jumping up each others asses.\nI think we need a godly president someone that will serve God in office not take his word and turn it around\nAt what point then does that become a Monarchy and no longer a Democracy?   Yes we still have Congress but President Obama has pretty much gotten his way not matter what by getting around issues.\nGrammer Queen is an idiot first of all. This fight isnt over grammer in the first place. This fight is over a man that thinks you owe him for something that he hasnt do . all Obama administration has done is start a racial war , commented so many acts of treason against the American people. Building construction camps all over the USA for whom .really get your head TOGETHER becouse fighting about grammer isnt going to do you any good behind those bars. We need to get his ass out of the rich and the poors office of President of USA before we all are doomed\nNow thats arrogance!! Does he really think hes that good??? News flash YOU RE NOT!!! As far as Im concerned a dog could do a better job! The constitution has been in place for 200 years and he comes along and starts changing everything to suit his views!! Trumps got my vote, mr. president!\nThis story is complete bullshit, how about you all using some common sense instead of correcting each other on your use of grammar\nSince the term limit was set by constitutional amendment, it can only be repealed by 3/4 of the state legislatures or body convened specifically for this purpose.\nYou are not qualified Mr Obama you have done nothing but bring on Gods judgement on America.Micky mouse could do a better job you are a disgrace to the office\nNope.Obama did nothing for this country but make it worse. He destroyed NASA, which now has no funding, he tampered with the votes in the election and he sparked massive racism accross America. I lost all of my black friends because of Obama. Now African Americans are giving whites dirty looks and are racist toward us because of him. All of that started in 2008 when he was first elected. GET OUT OBAMA! WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU\nI would like to see the publishers name and the sources they got there information from otherwise this story is just someone pissing in the wind\nMr. Obama? The author of this article is either really disrespectful or just plain ol stupid. As for the extra term, well just have to wait and see what happens. The Republican candidates  are ridiculous and cant be taken seriously.  Theyll never see the white house again. Unless they cheat which means theyll probably make it back eventually.\nReally people? People are fighting over everything and you people are seriously sitting here bickering back and forth about grammar and punctuation. So this is what this once great state turned in to a bunch of rapid people sitting there thinking they are better than everyone else.\nFirst off, anyone getting updet about spelling and grammar needs to get a maturity check done and go back to the 6th grade.  Second, Obama has done nothing for the country other than make it bow to the individual.  Thirdly, the country itself has shown how ignorant and dumb it has become simply by not getting angry and signing a petition to remove the tyrant from power.  The repeal of the 22nd amendment is effectivly allowing the country to fall into a dictatorship.  This is wrong.\nwell im putting in my two cents along with a lot of bad grammar ha-ha which i dont know why when we could be telling the higher up about our opinion and stopping this ourselves thats why things like this happen because we let other voice there opinion for us i dont blame the everyone including myself because i tried getting involved but have failed we need to stand up together and fight this petition\nobama i knew first time you re not a black or white man, youre a full blooded muslim and not an american, youre out to bring america to their knees, you prey on the weak, letting the enemy come across the border that you let open where your army can get set up and take America out. My bible says your family is on the way to hell. One last question, you said in a speech my gay brother and sisters are you one?? Well pray for you..\nHe even tries this the American People will up rise against him Congress had better do something or they all can look for another job along with Hussain Obama!!!!!\nGet osamas son outbox our WHITE HOUSE NOWhow DARE he think we would even vote for him I didnt  vote b for him and I would never vote for himNOT DUE TO RACEbecause I am no RACIST .I have beautiful nieces and grandnieces and ne phews and grand nephews whom I love but osama is not an AMERICAN AND DIES NOT LIKE AMERICA OR AMERICANSPEOPLE WAKE UP EVEN US LOWER CLASS PEOPLE CAN SEE T H RO I GH HIMH ED IS LEADING EVERYONR B TGE WRONG WSYONLY THROUGH CHRIST SHALL WE BE SAVED FROM WAR AND OSAMA DOESNT  BELIEVE IN CHRIST OUR LORDI BOW TO NO ONE BUT GOD ALMIGHTY AND I AM JUST A LOW INCOME PERSON B TRYING TO LIVE AS P EACEFUL LIFE..WAKE UP PEOPLE AND SMELL THE COFFEE AND THE BULLS HIT FROM OSAMA  O CANT EVEN BELIEVE THE C WAY I FEEL RIGHT NOW.IS IT ANGER OR JUST PURE HURT FROM A PERSON  WHO IS SUPPOSE TO BE FOR US  AS  A WHOLE..AMERICA WAKE UP WE ARE NOT RACIST AND WE ALL GOT ALONG BEFIR OBAMAOSAMA HUSSAIN AND IF WE STAND TOGETHER WE CAN CONTINUE ON AS WE WEREDONT LET HIM  DEVIDE.OUR UNITY AS AMERIICANS..BLACK, WHITE, YELLOW, RED, GREEN, PINK, LAVENDAR OR WHATEVER.  COLOR DOESNT EVEN MATTER ITS THE UNITY OF MANKIND..ME ARE ALL CREATED FROM GOD AMITY NO MATTER WHO WE CALL HIMI AM SO HURT BY MANKIND PLEASE LET US UNITE AS ONE AND SAVE OUR AMERICA AND OURSELVES AND OUR SELF RESPECT OUR SELF WORTH.OUR FUTURE CHILDREN grandchildren and their future beyondGOD BLESS US ALL..\nWOW my how easy people get distracted this article was about how this POS Obama is trying to Circumvent The  22nd amendment Of our Constitution. Not grammar nor spelling. Oh Brite shiny object laffing.\nPeople, please get back on topic here. The President is trying to abandon the Constitution completely and you idiots are worried about spelling, punctuation, and grammar. Well, guess what, a lot of people dont really care. Just worry about getting this dipstick out of the white house before we all become muslim and live under Dictator Ohbama.\nWhite House and Muslim should be capitalized.  Mikey, look at the headlines of stories at the bottom of this page, have a martini and try to have a good day.\nOh Mikey! You right-wingers are so damned easy to punk!\nIf youd looked around a bit on this website youd find articles about the Vatican conducting a successful nuclear test and ISIS Launches Change.org Petition to Replace Behead With Dehead \nBut youre excused. After all, when you arent used to actually looking up the sources of your news and rely solely upon what you see, read, and hear  typically on Fox News. youll just believe any goddamn thing on the internet that happens to conform with your own opinion.\nIm conservative, and I figured it out, as my comment below shows. I like Fox News, and I do research on articles. I will now refrain from making sweeping statements about liberals, though I cant help thinking you probably watch MSNBC and frequent salon.com. Possibly? lol\nGood lord folks. Its a spoof story. Have you read the articles here? Like the one where China bought Greece, or how Obama sent Navy Seals into North Korea to take over the government? This is a spoof site guys.\nYou mean just like the republicans are doing NOW tell the speaker of the house and his party to pass a bill they control the entire congress\nThis is a joke, people! Barney Frank???  That evil SOB has been out of office for two years. These spoof stories always contain a giveaway.\nNot at all. Ignores what is needed to change the Constitution. Any modification or changes require a 100% state ratification. It is the only way, the supreme court CANNOT modify or change it. In fact, they need to make decisions based on the full Constitutional\nI think this is a fake news site, similar to the Onion. Click on About and read about the supposed man behind the site. It lists him as specializing in more than 20 things (seems intended to be funny), and it says he is a former recipient of the prestigious Stephen Glass Distinction in Journalistic Integrity. There would be no such award, for Stephen Glass was a journalist for The New Republic who was disgraced and drummed out of the business when it was discovered that he had made up a lot of his stories. (Theres a very good film about him, by the way, called Shattered Glass.). So I would take this story (and probably all stories on this site) as being reported with tongue planted firmly in cheek.\nI dont believe a word of this. He isnt that stupid. Hes played chicken successfully and this gives congress a mental illness removal capability. WAY too easy. The story is bogus.\nOh hell no!  We are definitely doomed as a nation and he should not be able to do this without a vote .  He needs to leave our country and find his own little kingdom.  God save us\nOf course this is a joke. In my opinion, this site is probably funded by George Soros to stir up animosity towards Bummer, so Bummer can get the civil war he has long desired. Then he can call for his martial law. Laugh it off, folks. See it for what it is. I have no doubt he wants a third term, will call martial law to get it, but he needs a reason. Dont give him one! He has been trying to stir up racial tensions for years for a civil war. Now hes poking the Russian bear trying to get us in a war with  them. The war with Syria didnt work because enough people knew Assad did not gas his own people. It was the rebelsa garden varietynot a military grade weapon. Assad protects the Christians, Jews & Syrian people who all lived peacefully under his leadership until Bummer sent the FSA to start their civil war in Syria. Assad would be our best ally in the mid-east since they have been fighting ISIS long before we have. Bummer will stop at nothing to be the U.S. permanent dictator. Of course this is only my opinion, but I stand by it.\nA spoof article or not  I have a sick feeling that all of this will actually happen. I sincerely want to see a new President take office but my  intuition tells me that wont happen. Due to all of the secretive and manipulative goings on of our government I fear that martial law is just a matter of time and then we will be stuck with Obama once again. It has been predicted that we will soon become a Muslim nation. I pray that this will not happen but my gut tells me otherwise. People, please pray that Obama will leave office, as he rightfully should.\nCome on people, how much more can we take. Congress do your job, remember you work for the people!!!!!!!Get rid of the sob before we become a muslim nation, do you want that. Congress are you afraid of riots, well for one my guns a loaded and ready for me to protect my family. we the people have got to do something, Our elected leaders are to afraid to make any decision. Dont\nyour realize we got your backs, I know you are unfamiliar with that statement but we are ready.\nImpeach that bastard now before its to late. For christ sake do your job!!!!\nYes! I want the us to be muslim! I also want it to be Pagan, jewish, hindu, taoist, agnostic and atheist. Its the x-ians that are screwing everything!\nWell Archeologists have found SOLID Evidence that Muhammad was not who he said he was. A copy of a Koran that pre-dates the historical  record  of Islam has been found. It contains information that proves he WAS not a Prophet and he did NOT receive the Koran in a Revelation. It is written in a Arabic form of script that was not in use at the time of Muhammad and Abu. It is assumed that Muhammad copied parts of the book and made his changes to his own liking. There is NO mention of the Prophet Muhammad in the text at all. It has been carbon dated some time around 3,400 odd years before Mohammad lived (640-670 AD). It is believed to have been written by Arabs who worshipped the goddess Al-let, goddess of war & sex long before Islam was born. It is a copy of Surah Chapter 18 of the Koran and is just as violent as that chapter in the current copies  except the Prophet was not even mentioned in the texts. There is SOLID evidence Muhammad was not the Prophet who he said he was and that he just copied the book and made his own changes to it. If this is true, and I believe it is, this finding changes the whole core of Islam. The copy of this book was found buried in some ruins near Bagdad, Iraq and more testing and research is still currently being done on that copy of the Koran. The current leaders of Islam in Mecca have not revealed that this book does exist because they fear that it will shatter the current form of Islam today. This book is currently in the archives of a Museum in Birmingham, England in a controlled temperature environment in a very well guarded area of the Museum and is being guarded by the Iraqi Guards. It has been there over 10 years and was just recently tested.\nThat is not unlike all the organized religions in the U.S.  From Mormons (where its been proven, through DNA testing, that Joseph Smith didnt have a revelation from the angel Moroni.)   He made up everything, to Catholics who completely changed the Bible to suit their needs.  All religions in the world are made up by men who are desperate for power.  You will notice that they all treat women like second class citizens.  Organized religions are the\nevil of the entire world.\nONLY CONGRESS HAS THE POWER TO CHANGE THE CONSTITUTION WITH THE PEOPLES VOTE, NOT BOZO NOR THE SCOTUS HAS THIS POWER!\nYou had to see this coming.although it would have to be ratified by 2/3 of the states.the marxist dictator in chief will try to get around ityou cant possiobly get the states to ratify it, so hes trying the supreme courtthe supreme court cannot amend the constitution!!\nA change to the 22nd or any other Amendment requires ALL states to approve.  22nd was ratified by all 48 states (that is all there was at that time) in 1951.  As a FYI here is the first paragraph, It has nothing to do with marxist dictator.  As you rightly state, not even the supreme court  can\nvoid or change an Amendment. \n Section 1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of the President more than once.\nYay. I was beginning to think the apocalypse wasnt gunna happen. Whos up for burgers and brats while the nation burns like a joint\nyou scoffers will all think its a joke until Barack Osama initiates a national State of Emergency  a bill he has already passed  which will put ALL elections of ALL government offices to a halt just before the primaries next year.\nThere is no executive order to repeal the 22nd amendment this is a dangerously misleading article designed to rouse the rabble and most of you are dumb enough to swallow it.  Just because its on the internet its not necessarily true.  Elvis is still dead, the moon landings were genuine and JFK was shot by Lee Harvey Oswald.  Stop being suckers and fact check everything that these ultra right wing propaganda merchants are peddling or just continue to be mugs\nYou people dont get it jade helm 15 is the first step of Obamas next term and he will do it by force he does not care about the constitution.And the Republicans dont care,civil unrest is on the way.\nYoure kidding me Obama running again hell no Get him out of office dont stand with him I cant believe this just when we have someone that will do what the people wont he pulls this shit I do not like you Obama.  Your low,  your the best that Islam money can buy now America is dip shit. now what are we going to do  ?  God please help us.\nWould someone please tell me what he is doing or has done to fix ANY of the problems he stated?? NO he has made everything worse causing racism in this country again also to the point of causing people to shoot police officers and ISIS nothing. He is too bizy taking vacations and improving his golf game to fix ANYTHING!!!!!\nTHE CONSTITUTION CAN ONLY BE CHANGED BY A CONVENTION OF THE 50 STATES  ANY OTHER CHANGE IS NOT ONLY ILLEGAL BUT AN ACT OF TREASON AND MUST BE DEALT WITH AS SUCH. Oath Keepers  God is pissed you are failing your oath to him.\ndear realnewsrightnow, you seem to have a serious problem in comprehending what the world real means, lol.  yo stop frontin, you fraudulent schwags \nGuys, calm down.  This is not a real story.  Its a bullshit story from a bullshit satire website and has no connection to reality.\nSo, here we discover how idiotic many of you folks actually are. While certainly not funny, this piece is satire. You cant set aside a constitutional amendment without another such amendment superceding it, which requires approval of both houses of Congress, and ratification by 2/3 of the states. Any of you who actually believe the nonsense above are A) so blinded by hate that you cant see straight, B) so stupid that you cant think straight, or C) both of the above.\nHAHAHA  I cant believe all the idiots sharing this on Facebook as if its real news. Its a spoof you morons. No wonder America is in such a mess when the majority of the population are so stupid.\nI am author, The Power of I Believe, A book of motivation, encouragement and inspirational thoughts after a stroke, a Christian-themed book written to help stroke survivors and others touched by a disability regain their faith and strength as they recover and move forward with their lives. Although I wrote this book with stroke survivors in mind, the feedback I have received through my blog and Facebook page has shown me that The Power of I Believe is a source of inspiration for anyone who needs it.\nEveryone experiences doubt at some pointwhether in themselves or in Godand this is especially true after a sudden and traumatic event.  I know from experience. In December 2006 I experienced a sudden stroke, which left me battling aphasia. As part of my recovery, I returned to the journals I had kept for many years to find the same inspiration that had motivated me throughout my life. Through these meditations, I came to understand The Power of I Believe.\nMany people who have a stroke simply do not find the motivation they need during recovery. And this is not an experience unique to stroke survivors; anyone struggling with a disability, or even a difficult time in their life, can find it hard to muster the strength they need.  The Power of I Believe is written for these people.\nThe Power of I Believe means making the choice to accomplish your goalsit means having the determination to keep striving and the faith to know that you will succeed. In this book I share the thoughts and the inspirations that gave me the determination and faith to keep working to overcome my aphasia and recover from my stroke. My reflections focus on the power of God, the power of faith, and the power of the mind. Through these inspirational words and thoughts and through my faith, I found the personal strength preserve. I am now back riding my bike, playing golf, swimming, and going to the fitness center.\nWhile most books for stroke survivors focus on specific exercises and tasks that will help a survivor to recover and regain functioning, The Power of I Believe is focused on instilling the strength and faith necessary during the recovery process.\noh and just to clerify its not a racist statment its a term used for people that dont want to do any better for themselves just hurt others\nTo the morons that dont know this is satire sight. Can you answer me a question\nIf your driving you car 60 miles and your speed is 60mph. How long will your trip take to arrive at your destination??\nNO CHEATING NOW..\nFunny. I guess he signed another exec. order stating he wouldnt have to run in an election either. Just start right into his third term.\nI think hes tired of being president, seems like he doesnt really give ashit anymore.\nOBAMA SAYS HE SEES NOONE ON EITHER SIDE TO BE PRESIDENT HA THATS A JOKE HE SHOULDVE NEVER BEEN ALLOWED TO SET FOOT IN THE WHITE HOUSE,HE,S CONTROLLED BY SATAN,THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE STUPID AS BARACK OBAMA SAID ALLOWING THIS PIEACE OF GARBAGE TO GO ON DESTROYING THIS COUNTRY,IMPEACH OBAMA NOW\nThis is a bunch of shit. The sob did a bull shit job the 2 terms he has been in there. He needs stopped. Its all about power and control for him. He wants complete control over the country and its people turning it into another communist country.\nThis is Nothing but Plain Treason, theisMan thinks the American people are all Dummies, well Congress you had better put a stop to this , you and the Supreem court\n-LOL- You KNOW this little piece of PURE Bull Shit really has the GULLIBLE Right Wingnuts going crazy! ROFLMAO ! Its funny how some conservatives believe everything they read online ! (As long as it is anti Obama that is) They are so STUPID!\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights, animal rights, fashion, film, astronomy, classic literature, religion, biology, paranormal activity, the occult, physics, psychology, and creative writing. He has appeared in countless publications including Time Magazine, Newsweek, Playboy, The Economist, The New York Times, Mad Magazine, Hustler, Guns & Ammo, People, Maxim Magazine, Highlights, The 9/11 Commission Report, The New Yorker, Bon Appetite, Rolling Stone, Car & Driver, Soldier of Fortune, Elle, Nintendo Power, National Geographic, and many more. He has received numerous awards for his work including the prestigious Stephen Glass Distinction in Journalistic Integrity (2011), The Oscar Mayer Award for Journalistic Excellence (2003), three Nobel Peace Prize nominations, one Pulitzer in Investigative Reporting (1998), and two Pulitzer Prizes in Commentary (1996, 2008). He resides comfortably in his modest home overlooking the coast of Nantucket surrounded by his wife and twelve cats.\nIn addition to the fact that an R. Hobbus J.D. has never been nominated, awarded, or considered for any of the aforementioned awards, the above-quoted section contains several clues about the true intent of Real News Right Now. For instance, while the Stephen Glass Distinction in Journalistic Integrity may sound like a real award, author Stephen Glass is famous for making up a number of his news articles.\nwe will go in and physically remove his sorry ass form office..we have plenty of people to do that..this fag fucker had better not try it.\nThis story is total bullshitplease use your common sense when reading stories.  The president has no authority to change the amendment lol  good grief some people will believe anything written.\nYour kiddingRIGHT! Please tell me the American people wont stand for this and will come together as a nation and finally put a stop to this insane Muslim! Cant the Americans see he wants to be a ruler. He thinks theres no one able to run this country but him and hes the reason this country is in the shape its in! I said 6 months after his first term that he was put in office to bring this country to its knees and hes done a fine job. He wasnt elected he was put in that position. People you better wake up before its to late! He has this country divided, blacks against whites, people against cops, kids eating junk for lunch, but the most disturbing he bows to foreign kings, and the worst is he protects Isis!!!!\nThe only people stupid enough to go along with this crazy idea are the ones on welfare or getting a disability check they dont deserve!!!!!!!!!\nI dont know if 90% of REAL US citizens can deal with this extended second term, The Hell with a third. Some one needs to take this CRAZY BASTARDS pen away.\nGreat website here. Articles are hilarious but the comments are where the real humor lies. There are certainly some gullible folks out there. Im thinking of an article idea right now :  Obaba signs executive order limiting internet access to those with IQs over 70\nReally?  Give me a soundbite.Dont believe anything you hear or read and only half of what you see.  Social media is losing credibility just like the mainstream.  Its all about ratings (clicks) and money.  Its all B.S.  Im sick of it all.\nYet another Presidential Power he does not have; I have been saying for years the Mao would try something like this and that when the time came to step aside he would piss and moan, stamp his feet and throw a temper tantrum like a 5 year old wanting desert before dinner while trying to declare himself President For Life!\nMore proof he is mentally unstable and incapable of holding his office.  This man has destroyed this nation, and has weakened us before the eyes of the world.  \nBy his own admission; in televised news interviews he is a Muslim, by the writings in his own book he is not an American and even his own wife has made a public speech in which she slips and confirms that the Mao was indeed born in Kenya.\nHe was never qualified as a presidential candidate; and obtained the office under fraud, theft and deceit.  He has ignored his oath of office nd to the Constitution time and time again carrying out one tyrannical act after another.\nI think that would be the biggest mistake, people cant wait to get Obama out of office,  hell run our country totally into the ground.\nWhat a shame. What can the Republican Party do to stop this foolish idea????\nFor the first time a blackman is president of usa a lot of things has gone upside dont, is a big shame to africa\nAll I can say is, if this is true & he does this, all hell is gonna break loose & there WILL be a civil war!\nThis man only wants to stay President to tear down and destroy what our fore fathers fought for and to undermines rights we might have left.he needs to go! He is a hazard to this country.I vote to impeach Obama.any way any form we can.he is Trouble.\nAm I in the twilight zone here? A sitting President is telling us that he is TAKING a third term and putting the National Guard on alert in case the citizenry opposes such a move, and all you can do is argue over grammar. We are talking totalitarian govt. in the U.S. Whats wrong with you people?\nThis is total bullshit tyranny he is writing his own ticket to carry on with a third term..in a fair election this asshole wouldnt have a chance he is just to arrogant to realize it..this is treason on our bill of rights and constitution. ..impeach this fraud now\nthats bullshit. he cant do that and get away with it. this ad is total bullshit ! laughing my mother fucking ass off\nObama never ever intended to leave office unless he could be sure the person who replaced him would carry on with the same Islamisation of the nation and his efforts to push the nation into anarchy to allow him to use martial law to push the country closer to a one world government. He knows that if Trump gets in there is a very good chance both Hillary Clinto and he will be looking at jail time.\nThen if this was to be true and if it did happen then we will be looking at a world war 3 Well for a part we are already in it\nHe needs another term  because any of the nominees are not fit to be a president and they are not fit to run the world who wants to put Donald Trump in charge of the red but you got to be crazy ..!!\nNone of the nominees are fit to be president who in their right mind would put Donald trump in charge of the red button u would have to b crazy..none of them are fit to run the world..!\nThis is total bullshit and you should be ashamed of yourselves for publishing it. You are worse than the supermarket tabloids.\nWhy are so many Hitler family members running for president? Why is Hitlers grandson in the white house right now? Why have communist taken over America? learn the truth at; the one stop shop for the truth.\nO is a liar. Many believe he had the 20 special ops killed because they knew too much. Was  Bin Laden really killed? He abuses his power! Government has taken over the Internet, school corricula, pushing Islam and going after Christians. Making up his own laws and not obeying ones he doesnt like. His regime is bigoted, lawless and spend our money like water. The have treated our nations friends like enemies and trusted our enemies. Under his watch he has allowed Hillary to sell our uranium to Russia and is helping Reid to take over our public lands for a lucrative deal with China. He has almost destroyed our military and caused many deaths and injuries due to his ridiculous ROE. He is a fraud and in 8 years has set back race relations 50 years. God help us (if he stays in office)to defend our country. \nMr. President, its up to the American People to decide who will be the next President of the United States.  It is NOT just YOUR decision that counts!\nWow!  I am all for this seeing as that we would indefinitely be in a critical land slide if either of the two candidates are elected as president of our country.  Mr. President Barack Obama has done an incredible job and I personally could never see another president taking care and actions as he has done throughout his two consecutive terms. PLEASE LET THIS GO THROUGH!!!\nIn this case, as a Republican I believe that President Obama should serve another term. Withough a doubt, it is the correct decision for the country. I only request that the president approach gun laws using common sense and take the guns out of criminal hands. A good start is the gangs in Chicago. Then go from  there.\nOh, how I wish this would happen. And make the presidential terms for 5 years instead of 4, short terms such as 4 years hardly leaves time to govern since the next cycle of political propaganda and fights are always just around the corner. Get rid of gerrymandering too.\nPresident Obama should stay in office. He is an excellant president and a great leader. The two candidates who are running for office are not qualified to run this country. Both are riddled with scandal & deceit. President Obama needs to take the bull by the horns and suspend the 22nd amendment and stay in office 4 more years. This will allow the democrats & republicans the time needed to find candidates who they can can be proud of as possible leaders for this country.\nObama is a fucking communist piece of shit sent here by terrorists to bring the U.S. to its knees and devastate its exonomy to a third world country. Fuck Obama! Hes a puppet bitch!\nI dont know who it was that left the comment that president Obama is a communist. I think that person should have their head examined & sign up for a home labotomy kit. Find a mirror, & go through their ears. Itll obviously be a simple operation. You cant cut out what you aint got. If you dont like our president. Then move your ass to another country. The only communist piece of shit, Is YOU!! Ya Moron\nI dont know the number of the executive order. But I wish he would declare another executive order immediately to stop this goofy election. President Obama may not be perfect. But hes a damn good president. The republicans & democrats need to dump their candidates, keep our president in there another two years & find new candidates that arent so scandalous. Both are fine people. But neither is qualified to run the country. The only thing both are good at is slinging bullshit. They should be selling used cars. Theyd make a fortune. The reality is, of the two, Hillary is more qualified & she has Bill  in her corner. He was a good president. A little hanky panky doesnt make him a bad guy. Just human. President Obama has done a good as president. People need to look at the whole picture & then theyd see I may just be on the right track\nSo he feels obligated to stay in office because he is more capable of running the country. What a crock, he is the very one who has screwed up the country. Thats why he has put the National Guard on alert because he knows if this happens, so will a civil war. What makes him think the Guard will follow his orders, they think he is a joke just like all the countries in the world. Four more or even 8 more years with Obama will completely finish America off and thats what he wants. Nostradamus has said he will be the last president of the USA, but I didnt believe him but now, it could very well be.\nI pray for you Mr Preident Obama and hope that you can make this possible for our country because frankly Im scared of Trump.\nThats totally crazy obama had no experience as president nor clinton when thy first was elected this is mean allow mr trump to show ppl what are u all afraid of i am not ..he can get impeached..allow him to show first\nYou folks do know that the president cannot direct the SCOTUS to do a damn thing, right? If he sent such an executive order to the bench they would most likely frame it so they would have something to laugh at.\nThe president can only enact an executive order over something that he has the direct authority over. While he can write executive orders granting himself powers to better enforce the constitution, he cannot write one to contradict or change it. Only Congress can do that. \nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Obama announced his decision to temporarily end presidential term limits."}
{"published_time": "2016-12-08T14:04:10+00:00", "title": "Trump Takes Heat for Ninety-Minute Skype Session with Kim Jong-Un", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/12/trump-takes-heat-90-minute-skype-session-kim-jong-un/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  President-elect Donald J. Trump received backlash from Democrats and members of the intelligence community on Thursday when it came to light that he engaged in a ninety-minute Skype video session last weekend with North Koreas Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un. Trump described the unprecedented discussion  which critics have called a clear violation of U.S. protocol  as extraordinary, saying the North Korean dictator appeared to be in very good health.\nWe had a wonderful conversation, the former reality TV star said of Kim. Hes very different from the way hes portrayed by the media and, you know, thats something I can relate to. Trump said he was surprised by exactly how much he and the Supreme Leader have in common. We both love meatloaf, Trump exclaimed. He said he eats it all the time. I said You ought to come to New York, Ill give you the best meatloaf youve ever had in your life.\nAside from sharing a love of baked ground meat, Trump and his North Korean counterpart discussed a wide range of issues including the economy, nuclear proliferation, and the reunification of North and South Korea. Trump, who repeatedly made the assertion during his campaign that more countries should have nuclear weapons, said he was willing to look into the possibility of loosening certain sanctions against the North Korean regime that might hinder the progress of its nuclear program. If they had that nuclear threat, Im sure it would be very good thing in terms of helping to unify the Korean peninsula, the president-elect said.\nFor his part, Mr. Trump said he offered praise for North Koreas single-party political system. I told him it was a very impressive thing to have such a successful political party that has lasted so long in that country. During his nearly two-hour long conversation with the Supreme Leader, Mr. Trump expressed an interest in implementing a similar single-party system in the United States as part of his effort to unite the country. I think it would be very good thing to have, said Trump, adding, Youd see a change in this country like you wouldnt believe.\nVice president-elect Mike Pence, who heads Trumps transition team, described the ninety-minute Skype session as very casual, tellingThe New York Times that its not unusual for world leaders to reach out following an election. This was the elected leader of the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea  a democracy very similar to ours  offering his congratulations and good wishes, the vice president-elect explained. Mr. Pence said he believes the call will have little to no impact on U.S.-South Korean relations.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President-elect Donald Trump received backlash when it came to light that he engaged in a ninety-minute Skype session with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.."}
{"published_time": "2016-06-21T09:13:11+00:00", "title": "Pentagon: Two U.S. Navy Destroyers Missing in the Persian Gulf", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/06/pentagon-confirms-two-u-s-navy-destroyers-missing-persian-gulf/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Two destroyers assigned to the United States Navys Fifth Fleet have gone missing in the Persian Gulf, Commander Kevin Stephens, spokesperson for the Fifth Fleet, confirmed in a statement on Tuesday. The USS Sterett and the USS Dewey, two guided-missile destroyers tasked with conducting maritime security operations, were last seen approximately forty miles off the coast of Qatar in the Persian Gulf, the statement said.\nPentagon officials declined to provide additional information detailing the circumstances which led to the ships disappearance but a videoshot by sailors aboard an Iranian naval vessel traveling in the vicinity of U.S. forces and provided to Al Jazeera, appears to show multiple unidentifiable aircraft materialize above the U.S. fleet moments before the two destroyers vanish.\nA U.S. official with firsthand knowledge of the incident  who agreed to speak with the New York Times on condition of anonymity  confirmed the videos authenticity and described the aircraft as extremely large. The official said that the aircraft did not register on the U.S. Navys state-of-the-art radar or early warning systems.\nDuring an appearance on Sky News early Tuesday, the commander of the Iranian navy, rear-admiral Habibollah Sayyari, said that weapons systems on board his ships had suffered an unknown malfunction and were rendered inoperable during the event. The U.S. Department of Defense declined to comment on whether or not its fleet experienced similar issues.\nThe Obama administration has so far remained silent on the matter, choosing instead to share highlights from the First Familys vacation to Yosemite National Park over Fathers Day weekend. Late Monday night, in a seemingly unrelated announcement, the Pentagon quietly released a statement saying the U.S. Navys Carrier Strike Group 5  which was involved in a dual carrier training operation in the Philippine Sea  has been redirected to the Persian Gulf.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nThey better NOT be missing or somebody has ALOT of explaining to do. Do we know how many men and women are aboard each???\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Two destroyers assigned to the United States Navy's Fifth Fleet have gone missing in the Persian Gulf, Commander Keven Stephens, spokesperson for the..."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-29T08:25:53+00:00", "title": "Trump on Revamping the Military: We're Bringing Back the Draft", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/trump-on-revamping-the-military-were-bringing-back-the-draft/", "text": "COSTA MESA, Ca.  GOP presidential front-runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump on Thursday unveiled his plan to make the military great again, saying he intends to reinstate the draft as part of a larger effort to bolster Americas armed forces. Were bringing back the draft, okay? Were going to bring it back and were going to make America as strong as we were in the Sixties, Trump declared while addressing supporters at the Pacific Amphitheater in Costa Mesa.\nI love the Sixties, said Trump, continuing, I was a very big supporter of the Vietnam war and, of course, the troops. No one supports the troops more than I do. In addition to bringing back military conscription, Mr. Trump said that if elected, he will enact legislation that will guarantee citizenship to anyone who serves in the armed forces for a minimum of four years. You have people coming into this country, coming over our borders, expecting a free ride. Were not going to give it to them, folks. Theyre going to have to earn their citizenship.\nTrump has repeatedly stated that he wont rule outusingnuclear weapons against the Islamic State. On Thursday he expanded on his claims, saying he would instruct the Pentagon to begin testing man-portable tactical nuclear weapons to be used by American soldiers on the battlefield. Were not going to have unquestionable military dominance if were seen as too weak to use these weapons against our enemies.\nRather than use conventional means such as drone strikes or economic sanctions to respond to acts of terrorism or other forms of aggression against the United States, Trump vowed to exercise the nuclear option extremely liberally. My feeling is we have these weapons and weve spent a great deal of money developing and improving them over the years; theres absolutely no reason why we shouldnt be using them.\nThe former reality TV star accused President Obama of making the country less safe by employing tact and diplomacy when dealing with foreign leaders. This guys the president of the United States and hes bowing to the Chinese. Theyre laughing in our faces, okay? Theyre laughing in our faces and if we dont do something about it, theyre going to surpass us militarily and economically and then were going to have a huge problem on our hands.\nDonald Trump kicked off the start of his California campaign on Thursday where he made a stop in Costa Mesa, a semi-rural farming community located in Orange County. The GOP presidential hopeful is scheduled to address Californias Republican convention on Friday.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nHe is going to get thousands more soldiers murdered but no one is paying attention to this. We have some real stupid people in America.\nTrump is not only dangerous, but downright stupid. As a veteran, I doubt he served one day in the US Armed Forces, and in case he has not noticed, our voluntary enlistment is working quite well. There are even veterans who have earned their citizenship by enlisting. \nThe problem with Trump is that he is so out of touch with how the real world works, and his wealth and self entitlement get in his way. I pray he never becomes POTUS because he cares about nothing but himself.\nI served in the USAF 1951-1955. I was and remain proud of my service. I do not want to see my grandchildren drafted. We need a coalition of allies from the UK, France. Germany. Canada and Australia to guarantee the destruction of ISIS. ISIS wiil help, also because they are killing their own. Nuclear weapons, absolutely not.\nThis clown used school deferments to duck the Vietnam Conflict.  He should volunteer his sons and daughter to enter the military service first .. never will happen for Donnie and his family will never do public service for this country.  They are and will always take advantage of this country.  Show your taxes \nDonnie the Clown!\nIts really irresponsible and down right immoral to spread misinformation like this, even if you think it is funny / satire.  The fact is you are lying and trying to deceive people.  Many bad things can be said about Trump or Hillary, so no need to lie.\nIts nice to see intelligent people making comments. The people that are going to vote for Trump have no idea what he is capable of doing if he believes that Vietnam was great that just shows he is a f****** moron. And I believe that he will open the draft he will use nuclear weapons and he will turn the United States of America into a police state. The world should be afraid of him.\nIs this real? Or a spoof blog pretending to be news. Im honestly asking. Not attacking. I want real news not tmz or cnn. Please respond with source information on the obama third term story.\nI love you Donald! But I have a 20 yr. old son, my only son, please Mr President, dont send my son to die!! I have supported you from day one! My son Vinny is all I have, his dad and I just lost our jobs at Mitsubishi Motors of America (TPP) they moved to Indonesia to build their cars (and send them back in to sell with no tariff.) Please dont reinstate the draft. Please.\nM. Randall, Trump did say he wanted to reinstate the draft at a rally in South Carolina. especially for Mexicans and other immigrants. I, for one, find no humor in hearing that from a draft dodger when My brother was in the Navy during Viet Nam. He has, repeatedly brought up using nuclear weapons and repeatedly refused to take that idea of the table. Its really easy to find this information.\nHe didnt, actually. Research brings up nothing, and Im certain that Trump making a comment in regards to forcing young Americans into the military would have exploded on every news source.\nSo Draft Dodging Donald wants to send our kids off to protect that oil he wants to steal? Bet his sons wont be signing up !!!\nI wonder if he knows how much better the Military became after scrapping the draft? When the military began making requirements of the people that enlisted they began getting top notch candidates with great education. I would not like to see the draft re-enacted. \nI would like to see a National program for 18 to 20 year olds that requires them to participate in some form of community service, education or job training, or the military; but that the individual be matched up with something s/he is suited for that will help them become a productive citizen.\nThis is the only website that I can find these quotes. I watched the speech at Pacific Amphitheater in Costa Mesa, couldnt find these remarks. Writer provides no sources. THIS IS JUST MADE UP TO FIT AN AGENDA. DONT BE FOOLED!\nI was drafted in 1969. As a child, I had rheumatic fever that left me with a heart murmur. It made no difference to my draft board. In many ways, Im glad I served, but I was fortunate to have been sent to Europe while so many of my friends were sent to Vietnam.\nThe draft is a violation of the spirit of freedom. Only a privileged, self serving\negomaniac, liked Donald Trump would think it is a good idea. If he wins this election, and he has his way, I suggest to Mr. Trump, draft your own children first. \nWhy is it that so many hawks like Rush Limbaugh and Bill ORiley avoided service? Why is that the public listens to them? You really have to wonder if the American people are just plain stupid.\nMr. Draft Dodger himself better back off from drafting our children to Nuclear combat and learn how to charm and negotiate with the enemy.  Send his kids.  They seem to be prepared for killing from all their insidious Trophy Hunting.\nIn all honesty, how can anyone believe anything this article says? The only sources provided are simple claims of he said this here, and doing further research results in nothing. He never made these claims, and it would be very much appreciated if youd quit using fear to your advantage.\nGreat idea to bring back the draft. It was no big deal back in my day and why not? It would be so nice to see these liberals in boot camp. Yes Sir , I am a dog. What do dogs do? They bark Sir. Then bark!\nI hope they dont use the draft again its a outdated system you should have people in the military that what to be there not forced. Did we not learn anything from the 60s and 70s about it? It will divide r country not unite it! So\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Trump unveiled his plan to 'make the military great again,' saying he intends to reinstate the draft as part of a larger effort to bolster the armed forces."}
{"published_time": "2015-04-12T16:31:02+00:00", "title": "North Korea Invades U.S. with 4.5 Million Ground Troops", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/04/north-korea-invades-u-s-with-4-5-million-ground-troops-washington-surrenders/", "text": "PYONGYANG, Prk.  North Koreas Central News Agency reported yesterday that the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea suffered very limited casualties last week when it launched a preemptive strike against its longtime aggressor and nemesis, the United States. On April 9th, Glorious Leader Kim Jong-un, who also serves as Supreme Commander of the Korean Peoples Army, instructed top military officials from the Peoples Ground Force, the Peoples Navy, and the Peoples Air Force to strike with precision at the heart of the empire of devils and to free the American people from the iron chains of capitalism.\nThe Glorious Leader warned his righteous forces to be weary of the American landscape, saying many cities were governed by the law of the jungle and were rampant with crime. However, just moments after the first wave of two million KPA soldiers breached the American imperialists feeble defenses and marched their way across the East Coast, American citizens were seen falling to their knees and sobbing uncontrollably at the sight of their North Korean liberators.\nUsing a wide array of highly advanced weaponry, the distinguished Peoples Strategic Rocket Forces reduced Washington, D.C. to ashes in a matter of minutes, leaving the puppet nations leaders fleeing for the hills in terror. The few who remained, cowered like sheep in front of the KPA liberators all the while pleading for mercy. Many were granted a full pardon by our Fatherly Leader and are now serving respectable positions within the Workers Party of Korea.\nThis reporter was granted authorization, thanks to our Glorious Leader Kim Jong-un, to speak with two Americans who were voluntarily attending a reeducation seminar at FedEx Field in Maryland. John, a thirty-year-old commercial truck driver from Lorton, Virginia said life under communism is much better than hed ever expected and he felt sick to his stomach for believing the lies fed to us by these capitalist pigs. He added, The North Korean people are the kindest people Ive ever met.\nJennifer, a former middle school teacher from Silver Spring, Maryland, spoke briefly with this reporter while taking a short break from memorizing the countless accomplishments and achievements of Kim Il-sung. Kim Jong-uns generosity and love transcends time and space, she proclaimed as tears of joy streamed down her cheeks.\nThe United States of America, a godless nation run by toothless wolves, was founded in 1776 by a group of Satanists. It has since brought death and despair to all it has touched, creating enemies on all corners of the earth. The world has collectively rejoiced and can rest easy knowing the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea single-handedly put an end to the imperialist regimes reign. Congratulatory letters and floral baskets addressed to the Supreme Leader are flooding Pyongyang and show no signs of stopping.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nThis website is known for these bullshit stories. Find a way to report them so these shitheads will  stop doing this and hopefully commit suicide.\nWtf is this article talking about? Is this sci fi or just a fairy tale? Nothing like this even happened\n Americans are armed to the teath and we would never bow to the DPRK. Fucking attempt to invade the USA and we will send you home in a body nag, every last one of you, send you back to Pyongyang which by that time the USA will have left Pyongyang with nothing but ash and flame.Dennis Rodman says Fuck you Kim Jong Un, your wife looked pretty yummy in that porno she was in\n Attempt a preemptive strike against the USA or any allie to NATO, we will shut down your countrys entire internet, destroy NKs Electrical Grid (not that your country even has one based on the fact that the amount of unaccountable black outs consistently occuring all over North Korea, and that every single night your precious city Pyongyang is so dark that you would think not a soul lives there). America WILL indiscriminately render all of Northern Korea into modern day Hiroshima by use of over 415 Nuclear ICBM. By Air Sea and Earth, America WILL bring the pathetic, lieing, brainwashed hermit state to their knees, bringing liberation for North Koreas people, and set forth the reunification of South amd North Korea, for which all Koreans truely yearning for. GOD BLESS AMERICA  SEMPER FI\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "North Korea suffered very limited casualties when it launched a preemptive strike last week against its longtime aggressor and nemesis, the United States."}
{"published_time": "2015-10-13T17:47:19+00:00", "title": "Benjamin Crump to Represent Jericho the Lion in Civil Suit", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/benjamin-crump-to-represent-jericho-the-lion-in-civil-suit-against-walter-palmer/", "text": "TALLAHASSEE, Fl.  Prominent American civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump will represent Jericho the Lion in a wrongful death lawsuit filedagainst Walter Palmer, a Minnesota dentist who shot and killed Jerichos brother Cecil while on a hunting expedition in Zimbabwe last July,Mr. Crumptold CNNs Wolf Blitzer Tuesday.\nMy client has suffered immense psychological and emotionaltrauma, not just at the hands of Mr. Palmer who savagely murdered Jerichos brother in cold blood, but also at the hands of the Zimbabwean government whorefused to seek justice for Cecil despite a thunderous outcry from the international community,Mr. Crump said. All were asking for is justice for Cecil. The world demands justice.\nThe wrongful death lawsuit, filed in Floridas 2nd Judicial Court, alleges Jericho the Lion suffered emotional and psychological trauma following the murder of his brother Cecil, who was shot multiple times with a crossbowby Mr. Palmer before being leftto die alonein the bush. Approximately forty hours later, Mr. Palmer returned and subsequently shot Cecil in the headwith a rifleprior toskinning his body and finallydecapitating him.\nJericho the Lion isseeking 18,095,000 ZWD, the equivalent of$50,000 USD, in punitive damages from Mr. Palmer. No more, no less, Mr. Crump told Wolf Blitzer. This is theamount Mr. Palmer paid so that he couldlure Cecil from his home and execute him like a dog. This man is sick, said Crump,whoaddedthat dentists have the highest suicide rate of any American profession.\nAs a high-profile civil rights attorney, Benjamin Crump, who often works pro bono, has represented a number of victims of gun violence and police brutality,including the families ofTrayvon Martinand Tamir Rice.Most recently, Rices death at the hands of Cleveland police was determined by investigators to be reasonable. The twelve year-old, who had been playing with an air pistol, was shot and killed by police within seconds of their arrival on the scene.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Prominent American civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump will represent Jericho the Lion in a wrongful death lawsuit filed against Walter Palmer"}
{"published_time": "2015-08-30T03:23:52+00:00", "title": "Parishoners Baffled as Pastor Joel Osteen Levitates on Stage", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/08/parishioners-baffled-as-pastor-joel-osteen-levitates-on-stage-during-sermon/", "text": "HOUSTON, Tx.  More than 43,000 worshipers were in attendance at Lakewood Church Saturday evening when Joel Osteen, Lakewoods Senior Pastor, reportedly levitated nearly ten feet above the stage following the conclusion of his sermon. People were hysterical, said Maya Rodriguez, who, like thousands of others in the Houston area, attends weekly services at the nondenominational megachurch.\nWitnesses say roughly forty-five minutes into the 7 P.M. service, Pastor Osteen suddenly appeared disoriented before suffering a violent coughing fit. His forehead and neck were just drenched in sweat, said Colton Bradshaw, a Houston native, who was seated with his wife in the second row. The events that followed, according to Bradshaw and corroborated by more than a thousand other witnesses, left worshipers feeling perplexed and, in many cases, terrified.\nOsteen reportedly fell to his knees on stage while clutching his chest. We thought he was having a heart attack, Bradshaw said. It was then that the charismatic pastor outstretched his arms, threw his head back, and violently arched his back. Dozens of cellphone videos taken by parishioners and uploaded to the popular media website YouTube show Pastor Osteen, seemingly in a trance-like state, rise from the stage. Screams and cries of disbelief from the congregation can be heard as Osteen levitates more than nine feet off the ground.\nIn one of the higher quality videos uploaded to YouTube by userTheChristianBlessing,Osteen can be seen hovering above the stage with his head slumped forward before, as one witness put it, suddenly awakening. As Pastor Osteen appears to hang with his arms outstretched in midair, he opens his mouth and, in a deep, commanding voice, says, I am the Alpha and the Omega. Then, his body drops like a rag doll to the ground where he remains motionless.\nColton Bradshaws wife, Karen, along with dozens of other worshipers, fainted during the ordeal and later required medical attention, but Bradshaw himself remained alert throughout the entire spectacle, which lasted less than four minutes. When he spoke those words from the Book of Revelations, Bradshaw later recalled, It wasnt his voice that spoke them. It was not Pastor Osteen speaking. The sound of that voice reverberated through the stadium. For as long as I live, Ill never forget it.\nParamedics arrived at Lakewood Church at 8:05 P.M. and treated Osteen on the scene. The pastor suffered a mild concussion brought by the nearly ten foot free fall to the stage floor but was otherwise unhurt, save for some minor bruising to his forehead. A spokesman for the megachurch told Fox 26 Houston that Mr. Osteen has no memory of the events that occurred prior to regaining consciousness.\nDoctors and medical staff at the Texas Medical Center on Holcombe Boulevard in Houston were overwhelmed Saturday night as they treated approximately six hundred and fifty people, many of whom were in a state of shock after witnessing the event. Lakewood Church boasts one of the largest congregations in the United States and reaches an estimated 27 million people worldwide each week. In 1999, Joel Osteen replaced his father, John Osteen, who founded the church in 1959, as Senior Pastor.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nI DO NOT BELIEVE IT HOW RIDICULOUS.  SOME PEOPLE DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO DO BUT CRITICIS PEOPLE WHO DO GREAT THINGS FOR OTHERS.\nTHIS IS A GREAT CHURCH WITH A GREAT PASTOR!!!!\nwell, I read that HUNDREDS of people took video of olsteen floating in the air and declaring that he is the alpha and omega, yet no matter how hard I search, I cant find even ONE picture of him doing this. why? did people look at their photos and videos and notice that the steel wires were showing as they held him in the air? couldnt he hire competent special effects people to do that job? or did he pay them too little? I call this just more bullshit from preacher feel good doctor of the I .\nBig Doubter, I agree with you. If this happened then why would they not want to show this, so we can see this. And then we can judge for ourselves. This is just another way of trying to bring sheep to his pulpit.\nthis makes me think that it is through of what I heard about this man call Joel Osteen I cant call him a pastor he belongs to the devil worshipers he is a falls prophet he and lots. This does not happened to the disciples of JESUS.\nIF this doesnt tell you that Joel Osteen is possessed with demons, I dont know what to tell you. Levitating? Really? Call a PRIEST, this man is of the DEVILRUN RUN RUN From the Osteens!\nI enjoy every sermon of Joes Osteens and it gives me comfort in his faithful sermons.  He is truly a devoted Pastor to his congregation and those of us who are watching and listening from afar.  I am amaxed that the thousands of his congregation do not utter a sound but are so poerfectly quiet listening to his every word. \nThis is truly a man of God who is blessed and gives us all a Holy message.  I will be watching always to hear and listen to each of his sermons knowing God is guideing him always.  Thank  you Joel Osteen for bringing  everyone who is devoted to Jesus such happiness and encouragement.  My thanks for the time you give to serving God for our benefit.  England Maria Kemp\nEvil spirits who enter a man can also do such things to deceive many. You see we have in our scriptures instructions how to test such things or spirits.\nWhy wasnt that strange occurrence within the Lakewood Church kept so long until today which is March the 14th?  Alright since I read this e-article of the strange occurrence, it must be an example of the false signs and wonders that causes Pastor Joel Osteen to be levitated.  It is one of the few demonic strategies to get the audience deceived into believing that was the supernatural manifestation from above when it was not revealed through the Holy Helper and which was not from God of Heaven and Earth.  Thank you for e-posting this religious grossness and here are some biblical scriptures describing the last days of the Age of Grace  Jude 15-16, First John Chapter 4:1-3,6\nThere is no video on youtube under the Christian Blessing.  As a matter of fact, have not been able to find any video . send me the link, please\nIt is amazing!I am studying the 4 Books of the Gospels in the Bible. Those things/miracles, signs and wonders that happened during the Life and times of Jesus Christ Jesus said These things you see me do, He said we would do and greater, not better than him, but more of during our lifetimes! In scripture,it also states that signs and wonders will b performed by us in these last days. The book of Hebrews talks about miracles happening in our life times as well. According to our faith, be it unto us God Bless!\nGoing into a trance like state (meditational) and levitating is very similar to the Hindu mystical experiences connected with Kundalini and is frequently alluded to in the New Age spiritual movement which adopts the Hindu practices of meditation and trance like states as a way of developing a divine consciousness that allows you to create the divinity within you.  It is far from a western, Christian practice, but is very much of Eastern Hindu practices.  These are enshrined within the Theosophical movement (Blavatsky) that formed the foundation of the New Age Spiritual movement, embodied in such individuals as DEEPAK CHAPRA, Doreen Virtue, Barbara DAngelis, Wayne Dyer, and endorsed by Oprah Winfrey. Joel Osteens sermons on how thoughts create reality and his declarative I AM Mantras are consistent with the New Age focus on Law of Attraction and Hindu Mantras.\nI watch and LISTEN to his sermon every Sunday and he seem to always say something that I need to hear to make me a better person. The Bible states Jesus talking about a house divided can not stand when the Pharisees accused Jesus as working for the devil. Who are we to judge if Pastor Osteen levitated or not. We all will be judged by one who knows EVERYTHING about us. Read Matthew 7:1-6, then talk.\nTo Pastor Osteen, thank you, Gods blessings to you! Keep on teaching Gods word and remember this, THIS BATTLE IS NOT YOURS, ITS THE LORDS.\nLevitation is a sign of the devil.  I no longer will watch any show or read any book by Joel Osteen ever!!\nMay God bless and keep Pastor Osteen in his ministry. He is a very blessed and has a wonderful message to all that are open minded and can understand what role God has put him into. May you continue Gods work and continue your ministry unscathed from the media you are blinded from the truth. Sincerely Russell Notaro a Roman Catholic.\nthese cheater,circus maximus false ,predator of your pocket!! here is my advise if i may ; SPEND YOUR MONEY FOR YOUR KIDS,like for all those things, what they might be missing ! Love your GOD !do this whithout these mind maneypulators !!\nFinally ;you are all those week, unstable people ,who can be twisted by richness seeking  godsend .\nYou are such a fake..maybe your brain is the one really levitating..no video exists as what you are talking about..flop man!\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Lakewood's Senior Pastor, Joel Osteen reportedly levitated nearly ten feet above the stage following the conclusion of his sermon."}
{"published_time": "2017-01-17T11:47:12+00:00", "title": "VDOT Approves $491 Million Plan to Install Bike Lanes on Capital Beltway", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/virgina-dot-approves-491-million-plan-install-bike-lanes-capital-beltway/", "text": "FALLS CHURCH, Va.  The Virginia Department of Transportation has approved a $491.5 million plan to install bicycle-friendly lanes along portions of I-495 and I-95 in Northern Virginia and parts of the Washington metropolitan area, a spokesperson for VDOT announced on Tuesday.\nThe fact of the matter is that we as a society are becoming increasingly eco-conscious and passionate about preserving our environment and as a result, more and more people are seeking out non-motorized transportation as a means of travel, Ned Meeks, the projects lead developer, told the Washington Business Journal. Right now, we have no real means of streamlining long-distance travel for the tens of thousands of people who rely on bicycles as their primary mode of transportation.\nAn avid cyclist and Share the Road advocate, Meeks vision for the Capital Beltway will become a reality in the coming months. At a cost to taxpayers of less than half a billion dollars, the project will involve expanding portions of the Beltway to allow for a 1.5 meter-wide path between the outside lane and shoulder where cyclists can travel at high speeds alongside the flow of motor vehicle traffic.\nIn an effort to remain below the already steep budget, Meeks said developers decided to scrap the more aesthetic features of the bike lane such as a protective barrier that would serve to separate cyclists from the highway. Generally speaking, this is something that youre more likely to see in an urban environment, Meeks said, continuing, From the beginning we approached this project from a minimalist viewpoint. You arent going to see a lot of unnecessary elements like illumination lights, protective barriers, or rest areas. This is purely a means of long distance rapid transportation.\nVDOT officials say construction for the Capital Beltway bike lane is set to commence on February 6th. Commuters should expect delays and exercise caution, particularly while driving along the highways twenty-two mile stretch in Northern Virginia where construction crews will be present day and night expanding the road and laying down paint.\nWhile the project is only expected to take about a month to complete, Meeks said his mission is far from over. The two-time triathlon winner turned visionary developer hopes more states will adopt similar high-speed bike lanes along their highways.In order to fully embrace this idea that bicyclists and motorists can share the road together, the biking community must have access to all roads  regardless of size and traffic flow, Meeks argued. Otherwise, the quest for transportation equality will never be achieved.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nProtective barriers are considered aesthetics? Thats stupid, now youve spent almost half a billion dollars on something most people wont feel safe using, all so you could save a couple million.\nYou could buy tens of thousands of cars for that price. And just give them to the cyclists. Problem solved. Plus, no construction traffic for the next 10 years! And no room for corruption. Who am I kidding, theres always room for corruption.\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "FALLS CHURCH, Va. - The Virginia Department of Transportation has approved a $491.5 million plan to install bicycle-friendly lanes along portions of I-495.."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-12T14:14:48+00:00", "title": "Cabinet Members to be Determined by Apprentice Style Reality Show", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/trumps-cabinet-members-to-be-determined-by-apprentice-style-reality-show/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Former reality TV star and United States president-elect Donald J. Trump will appear inThe Cabinet, an upcoming six-partApprenticestyle reality show that will ultimately serve to determine the most qualified candidates for key cabinet positions inside his administration, campaign manager Kellyanne Conway confirmed to Fox News on Saturday.\nThe Cabinet, which premieres December 1st on NBC, is hosted by vice president-elect Mike Pence and former American Idol judge Simon Cowell. Its an honour and a privilege to be able to play a role in the American democratic process, Mr. Cowell toldThe Independent.The fifty-seven year-old Cowell, who has also appeared as a judge onThe X-FactorandAmericas Got Talent, vowed to bring his signature brand of harsh judgement and criticism toThe Cabinet. This is obviously a very important competition, Cowell said. Now having said that, if youve got a big mouth and youre controversial, youre going to get attention.\nThe shows cast is said to include a whos-who of pastApprenticeandCelebrity Apprentice stars as well as a number of generals and politicians currently being considered for cabinet positions by president-elect Trump and his transition team. This is going to be a very tense competition, said co-producer Marcus Young. Youre going to have Gary Busey, Meatloaf, Dr. Ben Carson, and Senator John McCain in one corner; theyre going to have to set aside their differences and work together to produce an advertising campaign for a fictional lemonade distributor.\nMeanwhile, a second team of celebrities and prospective cabinet members including Star Jones, New Jersey governor Chris Christie, Arsenio Hall, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, will have to race against the clock to formulate a comprehensive twelve-point plan to save Social Security.\nCraig Wolff, a senior staff writer forThe Hollywood Reporter, was among a handful of journalists who were invited to attend a screening of the shows first episode. The results were pretty shocking, Wolff told TMZ. A certain well-known cast member suffers a major meltdown almost immediately. Citing a non-disclosure agreement with NBC, Wolff said he could not reveal the identity of the cast member, but later added, Its no one you would immediately expect.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Former reality TV star and United States president-elect Donald J. Trump will appear in The Cabinet, an upcoming two-part Apprentice style reality show...."}
{"published_time": "2016-01-31T16:00:01+00:00", "title": "Ted Cruz: Rubio is a Cuban Spy 'Hell-Bent on Destroying' U.S.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/01/ted-cruz-rubio-is-a-cuban-spy-hellbent-on-destroying-america/", "text": "AUSTIN, Tx.  During an interview with CNNs Wolf Blitzer yesterday, Texas senator Ted Cruz accused fellow GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio of having ties to Raul Castro and the Cuban government. Hes a trained spy ona mission to turn Washington in a Little Havana, Senator Cruz said, adding that Senator Rubio is hell-bent on destroying this country.\nSenator Cruz went on to say that in the last week, his security detail has uncovered a number of electronic listening devices that were covertly planted in the senators office and private residence. Its unclear why Im being singled out by Senator Rubio and his gang of Cuban thugs, Mr. Cruz told Wolf Blitzer. The senator later speculated that Rubios involvement may be part of a larger plot to retaliate against the United States for its role in theBay of Pigs fiasco.\nMeanwhile, Marco Rubio fired back at the Cruz camp on Sunday, calling the senators accusations a pack of lies. The junior U.S. senator categorically denied being involved in a plot to sabotage the United States, telling Fox News he hasnt had contact with anyone in Cuba in over six months. In Mr. Rubios defense, Cubas Intelligence Directorate -in response to an inquiry from The Washington Post, said its not in the business of revealing the names of operatives working abroad.\nThe admission, however, was apparently not enough to convince Senator Cruz that Mr. Rubio is nothing more than a mild-mannered junior senator of Cuban descent with genuine aspirations of making a difference from within the confines of the Oval Office. The Texas senator said that his security detail has discreetly obtained hair and skin samples belonging to Senator Rubio. Were testing them to see if he has any connection to Elin Gonzlez, Senator Cruz explained, adding that he believes with a degree of certainty that Marco Rubiois Elin Gonzlezin disguise. Well know more by the end of the week, a visibly hopeful Cruz told CNN.\nAccording to the latest polls coming out of Iowa, Senator Ted Cruz is in second place at twenty-three percent, just five points behind former reality TV star and GOP front-runner Donald Trump. For the time being, Florida senator Marco Rubio remains at fifteen percent.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "AUSTIN, Tx. - Texas senator Ted Cruz accused fellow GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio of having ties to Raul Castro and the Cuban government."}
{"published_time": "2015-03-16T12:29:18+00:00", "title": "Donald Trump Demands Vatican Release Jesus' 'Birth Certificate", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/03/donald-trump-demands-vatican-release-jesus-birth-certificate/", "text": "NEW YORK, NY.  While speaking to potential donors during a black tie fund-raising event in New York City this weekend, billionaire entrepreneur and potential presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Pope Francis and the Vatican to release proof of Jesus birth and ethnicity.\nIm not saying Jesus didnt exist. Thats not what Im saying. Im saying the Vatican ought to put to rest any speculation as to Jesus ethnicity, Trump said, adding, Being Semitic doesnt automatically make you a Jew. Semites are also Arab, they are Assyrian, they are Muslim.\nThe real estate magnate said he plans to travel to Vatican City later this month to meet personally with Pope Francis and set the record straight.\nBill OReilly, host of The OReilly Factor, which airs on the Fox News Channel, echoed Mr. Trumps statements, saying that while he agrees with the fundamentals of Christianity, he, too, has doubts about the historical claims surrounding Jesus ethnicity. The Vatican has a long history of censoring information, he said, adding that Jesus was born and raised in a predominantly Arab society. OReilly says hes considering filing a lawsuit against the Vatican to force the Holy See to release the records.\nTrump has said he is seriously considering a run for the presidency in 2016 but has yet to make an official announcement. In 2011, during President Obamas run for reelection, Mr. Trump heavily advocated for the release of the presidents birth certificate, which Trump said was invalid because Obama wasnt born in this country, and that he shouldnt be the president of the United States.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nDonald Trump worried about JESUS birth certificate is ridiculous!  If anyone concerned whether JESUS was a JEW etc is concerned about the WRONG thing!  Thats too much like being racist! What difference does it make? If you believe in JESUS just KNOW that HE existed and that HE is coming back! Color does not define a human being and they need to take it off applications and everything else! What difference does it make if there is a billion Caucasians and a billion African Americans in United States. I understood it when I was younger, but now it just does not matter! Politicians can come up with any thing and every excuse in the book, there is no need to know that information anymore. It does not matter who has the most AIDS in what area, or how many people had the H1N1 flu or anything else. A census on race is just a way to keep things segregated! All that is bull crap!\nWow, what a request Mr. Trump. That must be the request of the century. Hope the Vatican will give you a copy of the birth certificate of Jesus Christ.\nThe Vatican, or Christianity did not exist yet! Christianity was just starting. But St. Augustine has an explanation: For those who have the FAITH, no explanation is needed, (they know who Jesus is,) and for those who have no faith, NO AMOUNT OF EXPLANATION IS NEEDED  they will not believe!\nIn daniel 7 from verse 7 it talk about that mystreous beast when it has alot of hones bt another hone grow that has mouth bt it spoke abomination to words against of the most high xo thats him\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Billionaire entrepreneur and presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Pope Francis and the Vatican to release proof of Jesus' birth and ethnicity."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-05T08:00:15+00:00", "title": "Fate of Dozens Uncertain as Egyptian Military Continues Blockade of Giza Pyramid Complex - Real News Right Now", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/fate-of-dozens-uncertain-as-egyptian-military-continues-blockade-of-giza-pyramid-complex/", "text": "CAIRO, Eg.  President Barack Obama and other world leaders called on the Egyptian government on Tuesday to release nearly three dozen archaeologists, including six Americans, who have been trapped inside the Great Pyramid of Giza  the oldest and largest of Egypts pyramids  since Saturday.\nThe United States calls upon the Egyptian government to immediately end its blockade of the Giza pyramid complex in Cairo and release the thirty-two individuals who remain trapped inside, President Obama said in a statement on Tuesday. I stand firm in my commitment to bring our citizens home so that they may be reunited with their families as soon as possible, the president added.\nCairo remained under a government imposed media blackout Tuesday night as tanks and armored personnel carriers rumbled through the streets of Egypts bustling capital city on their way to the Giza pyramid complex. Egyptian Ground Forces were dispatched to the Great Pyramid Saturday morning after reports that an unspecified incident had occurred within a recently discovered chamberlocated on the eastern side of the ancient structure.\nShortly before the media blackout, Egypts Minister of Defence and Military Production toldThe Guardianthat a small contingent of soldiers had entered the Giza Pyramid while a larger force secured the perimeter. The soldiers who entered the Khufu pyramid are currently unaccounted for, General Sedki Sobhi reported on Saturday. Radio contact was lost almost immediately, the general said, adding that intense shooting could be heard coming from inside the pyramid directly following the militarys loss of communications.\nAn unidentified Egyptian soldier toldAl Jazeerathata series of explosions, which were believed to have come from within the pyramid, preceded what sounded like a jet engine starting up; then a white  or bluish  light seemed to come out of Khufu [the Great Pyramid] and envelop everything.The soldiersaid he and other members of his unit experienced difficulty recalling the events for a short time after they had occurred.Hisaccount waslater corroborated by several other witnesses including two British citizens and an American journalist.\nImmediately following the event, Egyptian Ground Forces moved to seal off access both in and out of the Great Pyramid by detonating explosive charges at its entrances. Hours later the Egyptian Ministry of Defence reportedly deployed additional ground and air units to Cairo and imposed martial law and a blackout on internet and cellular services for the capital city.\nAmid Tuesdays calls by world leaders for a swift end to the crisis, no new information had surfaced regarding the fate of the soldiers and scientists alike who  since Saturday  have been trapped inside the Great Pyramid, likely with little food or water.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "CAIRO, Eg. \u2013 President Barack Obama and other world leaders called on the Egyptian government on Tuesday to release nearly three dozen archaeologists, including six Americans, who have been trapped inside the Great Pyramid of Giza \u2013 the oldest and largest of Egypt\u2019s pyramids \u2013 since Saturday. \u201cThe United States calls upon the Egyptian government \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2015-10-12T10:00:02+00:00", "title": "Obama Signs Law Placing 'Smart Restrictions on Gun Sales", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/10/obama-issues-executive-order-placing-smart-restrictions-on-gun-sales/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  Flanked by leading democrats, President Barack Obama signed an executive order today placing smart restrictions on federal and state gun laws. The order, intended to curb accessibility to dangerous weapons, is the first of its kind issued by a U.S. president.\nLet me be clear, this is not an attempt to ban or confiscate firearms, Obama said before signing the order into law. The Second Amendment is and always will beprotected under the United States Constitution. This is simply a measure designed to curb gun violence in this country. It is necessary and is something Congress has failed time and time again to do.\nTitled the Common Sense Act of 2015, the order,rather thanban a specific type of weapon,reduces the easeandaccessibilityof obtainingcertainfirearms. Further,under the new law, high-capacitymagazines, described asany magazine or clip capable of holding eleven or more roundsarenow restricted tolaw enforcement use only. There is no logical reason why a civilian should be in possession of a high-capacity magazine, President Obama said.\nIn order to be eligible to purchase anypistol, shotgun, orlong gunthat can bedescribed as a semi-automatic weapon, prospective buyers must first undergo a psychological evaluation by a licensedpsychologist. If deemed mentally competent, each patient will receive a signed letter from their psychologist which must be presented along with proof of citizenship and residency at their states department of motor vehicles.\nIn addition to thenecessary documentation, the federal government will levy a non-refundable $250 processing fee similar in naturetothe existingtax required to purchase weapons and devices that fall under the National Firearms Act.After a seven-day waiting period, if approved, an authorizedDMV official will provide the applicantwith a government-issued FirearmsPurchasing Permit whichmust bepresented when purchasing a weapon through a federally licensed firearms dealer.\nLets face it, these weapons are designed for one purpose, to extinguish life, Obama said. If youre living in the United States of America and you absolutely have to possess a semi-automatic weapon, youre going to need to prove without a doubt that you are mentally and psychologicallyfit to do so.\nThe Common Sense Act of 2015 comes amid a spate ofmass shootingsthatcontinue to plaguethe nationandhaveclaimed the livesofmore than379 people so far this year.In order to allow state officials time to become acclimated with the new policy, the act willofficially go into effect nationwide on October 20, 2015.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nI really think if our President Obama  wants a psychological examination,  of every UNITED States,  citizen  buying a gun, I would like the same to have him, get ALL the TSA, EPA, DHS, and all the other departments  of the government  that have access  to any kind of a wepon. Have the same evaluation  from a private  psychologists  not affiliated  with the government,  in any way, and make the results  public and, published and given to any citizens that apply to purchase  a gun of any kind  at the time of applications, with the agents name an ID  an date of the most recent 3 evaluation of  the  examination! !!!!\nExecutive orders ONLY affect the Executive Branch of the government. They are NOT LAWS! The President of the United States is NOT above the Constitution, no matter WHAT he thinks,  and according to the Constitution, ONLY CONGRESS CAN WRITE LAWS!\nGreatNow I have to get my semi-auto weapons from Chicago gang members. Well, at least they can get me full auto machine guns.\nthis gun control is for the birds the president needs to be impeached and put somebody in there that knows what there doing are they going to take his guns to? that means the guards cant have guns eather ant it see I cant afford a guard for me there is a lot of people like me and if a snake gets in the house Im going to shot it i  want something to protect me I live in the country\nHow about providing a link to this purported executive order?  I searched the White House website where the post the executive orders and found no evidence that President Obama signed anything like this at all.\n I dont reconize this executive order from Obama and we will not obay it here in Arizona. We arent giving up our magazines or guns ever. Will be working harder than ever to elect Donald Trump the next President. Long time NRA member.\nIt always amazes me how these inbred conservative types find these articles and get all bent out of shape. It seems that the only things they take time out of their sister fornicating schedules for are (1) fetching vittles and; (2) bragging about their state/ guns.\nSeriously bro, you are from Arizona. That is like the 46th worst state for educational achievement in the nation (for you public school and junior college typesthat is out of 50 states, America only has 50 states and you are ranked 46th in smarts or learnin or whatever you ignorant hillbillies call it.)\nSeriously, long time nra member you know what that tells people that dont live in the rural south? It tells them that you spent your formative years getting your ass kicked because no one liked you, then you probably went off and joined the military because you were too stupid to go to a decent college, then you went and settled down in a flyover state like Arizona and you luvz your guns, truck, huntin, and NASCAR. \nYou are a pathetic loser, who would get his ass kicked if you lived in a real city, so you sit out there in flyover country with all of your little toothless-hillbilly friends, porking your FAT porker wives; and live off of Walmart food. You and your lifestyle are pathetic and repulsive. GTFO of my country you ignorant hick.\nI seriously doubt these mass murderers are legal gun owners, so I dont see where this law will do much if any good. But it is a steo in the right direction for a gun grabber, I mean what will be next?\nI doubt legal gun owners are the ones committing mass murderers,my guess is most if not all are setup by big government to further their gun grabbing agenda\nWell, Im sure this law will eventually make its way to the Supreme Court.  In the past, something like this would be overturned in the blink of an eye.  Given the make up of the Court today, and the rulings theyve come down with over the past few years, Im not at all sure they wont let this law stand, and thats just plain WRONG since the President lacks the Constitutional authority to change the law on his own without the approval of Congress. It remains to be seen how each individual state responds.  It will also be interesting to see how gun sellers and owners react to Obamas action.  It would not surprise me if people simply ignore this new law and continue business as usual.  But we shall see.\n2) Considering that you capitalized Court when referring to the Supreme Court and again when using it without the Supreme modifier makes me wonder if you are an attorney. If so you have an excellent background in Bluebooking and legal writing, but need to retake Con Law and also work on that looney fringe think.\n3) Given the make up (sic) of the Court. . . . Seriously? So given the makeup of the courtyou are concerned that they would not overturn a Presidential proclimation or executive order. Good! What common law basis would they have to overturn the order? You dont know and neither do I because the order doesnt exist, so its elements cannot be examined or argued. Considering that Obama is a Con Law & Civ Pro expert, he would make sure the order was constitutional and followed with current common law court opinions. The Supreme Court couldnt touch it.\n4) States woulddo nothing. States are subservient to the Federal Government. Even you loony States Rights proponents know that you cant fight the Federal Government dont you????\n***President Barack HUSSEIN Obama POW, BANG, BOOM That is just what our Great Nation  OWES YOU Barack, Yup, and that is NOT, just the sounds of BALLOONS of your CONSTITUTIONAL FAILURES Blowing Up, in your face, for the Devastation you have wrought on America. That is the SOUNDS of, The Rockets Great Glare as they Burst in the air,  IF YOU CONTINUE to BERATE, DEMEAN and presume to DESTROY Our Great Nations FOUNDATION of MORALS, VALUES and ETHICS, that have sustained Americas Strength and Powers UNTIL you were provided the Privilege that you have and are significantly ABUSING,  since your First Inauguration of Jan. 2009. *** Psst Pres. Obama,  Let me REFRESH YOUR MEMORY Osama bin-Laden  TRIED to HIDE from HIS CRIMES  He was swallowed by the sea.\nConservative women ROCK !!s photo.\nConservative women ROCK !!\n***President Barack HUSSEIN Obama POW, BANG, BOOM That is just what our Great Nation  OWES YOU Barack, Yup, and that is NOT, just the sounds of BALLOONS of your CONSTITUTIONAL FAILURES Blowing Up, in your face, for the Devastation you have wrought on America. That is the SOUNDS of, The Rockets Great Glare as they Burst in the air,  IF YOU CONTINUE to BERATE, DEMEAN and presume to DESTROY Our Great Nations FOUNDATION of MORALS, VALUES and ETHICS, that have sustained Americas Strength and Powers UNTIL you were provided the Privilege that you have and are significantly ABUSING,  since your First Inauguration of Jan. 2009. *** Psst Pres. Obama,  Let me REFRESH YOUR MEMORY Osama bin-Laden  TRIED to HIDE from HIS CRIMES  He was swallowed by the sea.\nA quick check of the Natioal Archive will show you that this article is not genuine. It poses a fictional scenerio to see what your response will be. This is possible but did not happen. I suspect I know why it has not happened. This would seriously be a step too far.\nI would like to know why news of this law that Obama has supposedly created and signed that will go into effect October 24, 2015 hasnt been reported by reputable journalists.  I believe anyone with living gray matter between their ears already knows the answer to that.  This bogus article is propaganda just like many others that are floating around the internet.  So people if youre going to get your panties in a bunch over something let it be in anger at the so called reporters that write this garbage.  The National Enquirer and other such rags must not have job positions available right now so these numb nuts and trying to strike on their own as free lance journalists.\nThis isnt true at all. Ive found nothing else about it online. Obama can blow me! I sometimes think these people want to get shot at! I think that all the fags wanting a sex change should be taxed and have to get psychological screening!\nI have news for this floppy eared empty suit community organizer from Chicago. I have not only semi-auto but full auto machine guns (all legally owned). And I sure as hell am not giving them up to another one of that assholes executive orders. Maybe that dithering little dictator ought to read the 2nd amendment again (if he ever has). I served in the USMC which is more than that little pip squeak Politician ever did. I have had and collected and enjoyed shooting these weapons for over 40 years in some cases and never (in a non combat role) ever harmed anyone. So stick your executive order up where the sun dont shine Obama.\nIve already researched it and there is no such law. This is either a satire website like The Onion or just a liberal troll trying to see if conservatives will fall for the story.\nIf you look around the website, there are plenty of other stories here that should give you a clue. For example, theres and article claiming that Obama signed an executive order suspended the 22nd Amendment to get rid of presidential term limits and that isnt true either.\nI serious doubt you will allow my statement to be publish just as any good biased socialist news media such a ABC,CBS,NBC, CNN, MSNBC or CNBC never does but at least Ill die trying which is far more than more of the 320,000,000 brain dead we have in this nation will do.\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama signed an executive order today placing what he called \u201csmart\u201d restrictions on federal and state gun laws."}
{"published_time": "2016-10-06T09:45:17+00:00", "title": "Gary Johnson Unable to Find Washington, D.C. on a Map", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/10/libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-unable-find-washington-d-c-map/", "text": "ATLANTA, Ga.  During a campaign event in Atlanta on Wednesday, Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson failed to successfully locate the nations capital on a map of the United States. If I remember correctly, its right here, Johnson said as he placed his index finger on Wilmington, Delaware.\nMoments later, the former governor of New Mexico gave it a second try, this time identifying Elizabeth City, North Carolina, as the iconic U.S. Capital. On the third and final attempt  and once Johnsons running mate, former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld, offered some assistance  the Libertarian nominee was able to locate the District of Columbia somewhere in the vicinity of Baltimore, Maryland.\nI dont believe that not knowing the precise location of Washington, D.C. should disqualify me from leading this country, Johnson later stated, adding that as President of the United States, he wouldnt be doing much driving anyway. I plan to spend my free time focusing on the issues, the candidate explained. Ill leave the directions up to the computers.\nWhile the former New Mexico governor may be about as informed as the average middle class voter, Johnsons supporters say his lack of knowledge simply proves how refreshingly disconnected he is from the political spectrum. You want to talk progressive, heres a guy who doesnt even know the meaning of partisan politics, said Dr. Alexander Starkey, an associate professor of sociology at the University of California in Berkeley. You cant get much more progressive than that.\nA spokesman for the Johnson campaign confirmed early Thursday that the Libertarian Partys presidential nominee has yet to receive a formal invitation to the second presidential debate scheduled for Sunday, October 9, in St. Louis, Missouri. Were working to figure out where the invitation may have ended up, Johnsons campaign spokesman, Joe Hunter, toldReal News Right Now. Hunter said officials recently made the decision to upgrade the campaigns primary method of contact from a post office box to a Yahoo email account.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nIn a time where everyone has a smartphone in their pocket, video of it couldnt be produced? Sounds like a load of carefully edited media bull&%*$.\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson failed to successfully locate the nation's capital on a map of the United States."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-08T09:35:18+00:00", "title": "Israel to Resettle Palestinians on Great Pacific Garbage Patch", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/israel-resettle-1-million-palestinians-great-pacific-garbage-patch/", "text": "TEL AVIV, Il.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected an invitation from France on Monday to take part in a Middle East peace conference held in Paris later this year, saying his country has already made arrangements to relocate more than one million Palestinians to a vacant 700,000 square-mile floating trash vortex known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch.\nThe Palestinian people are rejoicing in the streets. Their suffering has ended and they finally have a place to call their homeland, Prime Minister Netanyahu proudly told theJerusalem Post. Netanyahu described the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, which is located roughly 10,398 miles west of the Jordan River in the North Pacific Ocean, as a tropical paradise untouched by man where marine life is abundant and bountiful.\nThose in the Palestinian Authority whom I have spoken with all agree that this arrangement is the closest we will ever come to the original UN proposal of a two-state solution, Netanyahu said. The prime minister added that the Israeli navy has already begun making preparations to relocate the first two hundred fifty thousand Palestinians from their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch.\nIDF spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Baum told CNNs Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday that Israel has no plans to extend its ongoing blockade of the Gaza Strip to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. You heard it right, Wolf, proclaimed the charismatic lieutenant colonel. Palestinians young and old will have the right to own notebooks and writing implements; theyll be able to enjoy a bag of potato chips, fresh meat, and even chocolate without having to worry about a late night visit from the Shin Bet.\nThe historic announcement of a full-scale Palestinian resettlement comes at an opportune time for Israel. The tiny Jewish nation is preparing to generously expand its territory with the addition of 181 new settlements in East Jerusalem. Since annexing the West Bank during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, Israel has built more than 230 settlements housing nearly half a million Jewish settlers in the occupied Palestinian territory  an initiative the United Nations Security Council has branded a violation of international law.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected an invitation from France on Monday to take part in a Middle East peace conference held in Paris..."}
{"published_time": "2015-07-06T22:12:50+00:00", "title": "Pope Francis: God Intstructed Me to Rewrite Ten Commandments", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/07/pope-francis-god-has-instructed-me-to-revise-the-ten-commandments/", "text": "GUAYAQUIL, Ec.  Pope Francis kicked off the start of a three-nation trip across South America today with his first mass, with over a million Ecuadorians in attendance, in the coastal city of Guayaquil. Delivering the mass in Spanish, the Pope spoke about the importance of family in modern society, saying, It needs to be helped and strengthened, lest we lose our proper sense of the services which society as a whole provides.\nDuring his sermon, Pope Francis announced to Christians around the world that God had called upon him, instructing him to revise the most sacred of texts, the Ten Commandments. Given to the Israelites by God himself at Mount Sinai, the Commandments include instructions for worship and list several prohibited practices.\nPope Francis said Christians around the world are faced with ever-increasing temptations brought on by the evils of modern society. The Pope said the updated Commandments reflect the changing times and include some minor rewording of the existing rules as well as the addition of two new Commandments.\nThe Fourth Commandment, which advocates that proper respect be shown towards ones parents, has been reworded in order to include children raised by same-sex parents. Pope Francis said the Seventh Commandment, prohibiting adultery and, among other things, homosexuality, has been removed entirely, as instructed by God, in order to extend Gods grace to all His children.\nAddressing the inclusion of the new Commandments, which bring the total number to eleven, Pope Francis praised the rapid growth of technology in the digital age but said progress comes at a price. The new Fifth Commandment, which replaces the prohibition of adultery, forbids all aspects of genetic engineering and bans the consumption of genetically modified foods.\nLastly, the Eleventh Commandment disallows personal idolization and the glorification of ones self over God. Using the Kardashians, a highly publicized celebrity family, as an example, Pope Francis said, Selfies are an abomination in the eyes of our Lord.\nA spokesman for the Vatican, Father Federico Lombardi, said the Eleven Commandments are currently being etched into marble by an Italian sculptor and, upon completion, will be unveiled to the world in Saint Peters Square following an internationally televised mass.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nSo, if the rule of the two expressions mean the end, and states that it applies to any law or regulation, whether there is a written document, legally binding, it is Gods law (10 Commandments, as they are written in the Bible) ever abrogirao or repealed?\nThere is a written document (Bible = Scripture) in which Jesus Christ himself beautifully says in Matthew 5, 17  Do not think that I came to abolish the Law or the Prophets. I did not come to destroy, but to fulfill. It is a Croatian translation, and heres the Greek translation of which is written the text:                 \nCheck whether the Greek word  means end?\nIf, is the Greek word correctly translated into Croatian as the word end, then we have a written document (legally binding) in which it is clear that God never closes LAW.\nWho then is the people of God ever ABROGIRAO 10 commandments written in the Bible?\nIf such a written, legally binding document does not exist, then the Earth is still a valid law of God.\nOtkrivenje 22,18\tJa svjedoim svakomu tko slua rijei prorotva u ovoj knjizi: Tko ovomu to doda, Bog e njemu dodati zla napisana u ovoj knjizi.\nOtkrivenje 22,19\tI tko oduzme od rijei prorotva u ovoj knjizi, Bog e mu oduzeti udio na stablu ivota i na svetom gradu  na svemu to je napisano u ovoj knjizi.\nNew International Version\nI warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this scroll: If anyone adds anything to them, God will add to that person the plagues described in this scroll.\nNew International Version\nAnd if anyone takes words away from this scroll of prophecy, God will take away from that person any share in the tree of life and in the Holy City, which are described in this scroll.\nyou are correct  here all the people are under an examination  and the law is not different then the one from 6000 years ago\nthe exam is exactly the same  all the new testament is a roman empire big lie is a roman empire invention  ONLY the TORAH is made by Ruach Elohim   the Alphabet from the Torah is from RUACH ELOHIM ,, I do speak about the 5 ( 6 )books of Moses   BERCAUSE YOU KNOW THE TRUTH   go on you tube there is rabbi tovia singer he will help you with the big lie of the new testament ..love you  eliad\nI DARE ANY MAN TO HAVE THE AUDASITY TO CHANGE WHAT THE GOD OF OUR FATHERS HAVE ORDAINED HOLY, HE EVEN THE TEN COMMANDMENTS WHICH GOD HIMSELF\nCARVED IN STONE.\nI agree, but Moses threw the set that God etched and Moses rewrote the second set of what God had written.\nPEOPLE OF THE WORLD YOU CANT REALIZE THAT THIS IS SATIRE??? ITS A PRANK BUT THEY KNOW SOME PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE ANYTHING ON THE INTERNET WILL TAKE THE STORY FOR ITS WORD. ALWAYS CHECK SOURCE OF THE STORY!!!! VERIFY. #SATIRE\nYou are right, the same as those who read and believe in the bible, the source of truth, for all peoples of this earth.\nGlory, it is so good to see mercy and real leadership from the pontiff.  If you recall, Stephen Mansfield wrote a glorious book\nPope Benedict XVI  His Life and Mission  by Stephen Mansfield.\nStephen Mansfield had several quotes from the Holy Father, and now we see his successor, (whom Stephen also praised) is carrying on this mission.  The mission is to make us all one.  Where there is no difference between male/female, black/white, but all of Gods children will be free at last.  That is what makes Obama such a great man and President as well.  Stephen Mansfield has taken much criticism also for writing a book prior to Obamas election titled the faith of Barack Obama.  Stephen has stated numerous times that our President is a Christian.  We need to learn to listen to men of stature such as Stephen Mansfield.  We are in such a blessed nation, and should be as grateful for such a President as Obama, and for a great world leader as the POPE.  Now the POPE is going to fix his Bible, and get it to say honor your parents, and NOT HONOR YOUR FATHER & MOTHER.\nIt is so good to see the Unity coming about all over the world!!!\nPraises!!\nIsnt this wonderful!\nSomeone told me to be careful, as the Bible talks about making changes, but who are they, they are not the POPE, they are not OBAMA, and they are not a statesman such as Mr. Stephen Mansfield.  Stephen is a NEW YORK times best selling author.  People need to learn to close their mouth, and the Good book says if you are quite, then you are wise.  Close their mouth, and listen to these mouth pieces, our leaders, honor your leaders folks!  POPE, OBAMA, MANSFIELD, these men are precious.  They are brining in healing to the land!\nWow, did you see Stephen Mansfields recent blog on pope Francis, Stephen said he would be conservative on the issue with gays. Obviously Francis and the Catholic Church are showing their true colors, as Francis would not dare judge a sincere gay clergy man. The problem we have ladies and gentlemen is not so much Obama, but people like Stephen Mansfield. Stephen Mansfield is a former pastor in the Bible belt, and now he is a self proclaimed sort of statesmen, who talks to world leaders and corporations and trains their leaders? What? Why would a former Bible belt pastor write a book that helped an anti God senator win the White House? And after all of the fruit of Obamas first term, anti God, pro homosexual, pro Islam, anti Israel etc., etc., Mansfield updated his book and continues to speak on TV, Fox News, radio, etc., and tell Americans that our President is a (I Quote) Liberal Chrisitan. Folks, do you think Liberal counts as LUKEWARM? Did Jesus ever mention liberal Christian? We need to REWRITE the parable of the sower, Jesus missed the liberal ground, we have seed by the wayside, the rocky places, and thorns, and then good soil, what about the liberal ground soil Jesus. Wow, we need to spread this NEW GOSPEL right from our former Bible belt Pastor Stephen Mansfield and preach this gospel to get those LIBERAL SOULS in the door to AVOID HELL. No need to REPENT, you can be LIBERAL, in other words, you can be pro murder like the President, and pro homosexual, and go ahead and promote the Muslim Brotherhood who is against Israel, God does not say ANYTHING in the Bible about protecting Israel anyway right????\nRecently a Church Mansfield frequently is a guest speaker with were twitting and patting themselves on the back for the uprise in Egypt of the Christians who oppose the Muslim Brotherhood. This Church is patting themselves on the back, and they are the ones who helped promote Obama along with Mansfield. Obama is the one who put the Muslim Brotherhood in power. Do you see the contradiction, our leaders are blind leading the blind. When the Church put Obama in power, they did not repent then, they were celebrating! Now they think their prayers are being heard, and it is their prayers that are driving out the Muslim Brotherhood, all the while this group of the Church is still courting Obama and false teachers like Stephen Mansfield. \nWe need real statesmen. Jesus would definitely judge pope Francis statement about gays. Jesus had no problem calling men FOOLS, look at Matthew 23:17. We have issues in that we have supposed statesmen who say DONT JUDGE, and be careful to not call anyone a FOOL. Jesus said Woe to you when all men speak well of you (Lk. 6:26). The problem is we have spiritual leaders who stick their finger in the wind. Proverbs states that IN the multitude of people is the kings honor: but in the want (lack of followers) of people is the destruction of the prince (pr. 14:28). Pastors are more concerned with church growth, and followers, vs. SPEAKING TRUTH. A PROPHET does not give a lick about followers. Did Jeremiah have followers? Did Elijah approach the prophets of Baal with a bunch of understudy Jr. Prophets when we faced 850 false prophets? What about Noah, he sure had a line of church attendees to get his CDs! A PROPHET does not mince words. \nOur Pastors are become BRUTISH! They teach Replacement Theology, they have the stupidity to call Obama a Christian, and our pastors and leaders and false prophets are strengthening the hands of evil doers (Jer. 23:14). Come on folks, when you have BIBLE BELT pastors write a book that puts an anti God leader in the White house, you are STRENGTHENING THE HANDS OF EVIL DOERS!. We dont want to offend anyone, Jeremiah was not a WIMP, Jeremiah said that the King Jehoikim was going to have the BURIAL OF AN ASS. I believe some of our false teachers and false prophets and hirelings are going to have a RUDE AWAKENING in the days ahead. They have forsaken God, and have fallen away from their duty of teaching the sheep the difference between the HOLY & PROFANE, and the difference between the CLEAN & UNCLEAN. They are BEATING the sheep, vs. FEEDING the sheep. \nSTEPHEN MANSFIELD SEEMS HYPOCRITICAL.  HE JUST TWEETED THIS IN NOVEMBER 2016 I BELIEVE.\nOn this date in 1800, the U.S. Congress met in Washington D.C, for the first time. Theyve had seasons of greatness. God give them one now.\nBUT THEN IF YOU RESEARCH THIS APOSTATE FORMER REVEREND, HE ALSO WROTE THE BOOK THE FAITH OF BARACK OBAMA, AND LOOK AT THIS.\nIT WAS ONE OF THE MOST INFLUENTIAL BOOKS IN CONGRESS!!!!!\nhttp://mansfieldgroup.com/category/news/\nMansfield Book Among Most Influential in Congress\nMarch 4, 2011Comment\nStephen Mansfields The Faith of Barack Obama is one of the five Christian books that have most affected congressional policy-making, according to survey results announced on March 3. Conducted by Shiel & Denver Book Publishers, the survey lists Mansfields groundbreaking book on President Obamas religious views as number 1 on a list of five books that have shaped congressional decision making. Mansfield is currently updating and expanding this international bestseller for release in early 2012. Read more about the Shiel & Denver survey here.\nCategory: Posted Under: Christian Book, The Faith of Barack Obama\nOtkrivenje 22,18\tJa svjedoim svakomu tko slua rijei prorotva u ovoj knjizi: Tko ovomu to doda, Bog e njemu dodati zla napisana u ovoj knjizi.\nOtkrivenje 22,19\tI tko oduzme od rijei prorotva u ovoj knjizi, Bog e mu oduzeti udio na stablu ivota i na svetom gradu  na svemu to je napisano u ovoj knjizi.\nOvo je Boji glas koji preko mene govori svakome tko pokua dodati ili oduzeti od 10 Bojih zapovijedi kako su zapisane u 66 knjiga Biblije..\nwe are living in the last days in the last days there would be many false prophets if the  Pope want to change the commandments he is a false prophet.\nThis report is a lie!! Shame on you all for not utilizing the endless amount of resources to do your just deligence in perusing the truth!\nIt is wise to learn not only of the good but also the bad & the ugly  If you think this article is a joke then the one in this link is certainly not a joke  http://ivarfjeld.com/2015/07/12/vatican-sex-crime-trial-delayed/\nIf you are a Roman Catholic and have been beguiled since birth you will continue to believe in what popes say. Read the very last chapters in Revelations, ie the last book in the bible.\nIf you add or take away one dot or tittle from those words written in this book, every plague that is here within will come upon you!\nLet God be true and every man a liar. The pope is a mere man.\nThe whole site is FAKE!\nWhile Real News Right Now does not contain a disclaimer identifying it as a fake news web site, the above-quoted story is just that: another piece of fake news.\nReal News Right Now has published a number of fictional news items, including an article about President Obamas stripping Texas of statehood and an article about President Obamas banning the possession of Confederate flags.\nThe biggest indicator that Real News Right Now is a fake news publication comes from the sites About page, where author R. Hobbus J.D. brags about winning fictional awards such as the Oscar Mayer Award for Journalistic Excellence and the Stephen Glass [a journalist notorious for falsifying news stories) Distinction in Journalistic Integrity.\nHey  the BIGGEST IDIOT is you and NOT us who defend the Bible and the Holy Creator.  I want to slam this the following link right on your face  ..  Can you answer as to why  Pope Francis wasnt offended by the Communist crucifix gift given to him by Bolivian President Evo Morales.  http://ivarfjeld.com/2015/07/15/pope-accepts-communist-crucifix/\nI have been saddened so many times this week alone on different pages of the name calling by christians.Would it not be better if you see a brother or sister comment on something they read and wasnt aware that it was false to kindly without name calling point them to the truth? So very sad!\nA misleading article indeed! Please dont jump to conclusion because of what some over-zealous person woke up one morning and wrote to please those who believe that the Pope is here to mislead the Christians.  Please look for the web resource that lists or videos the whole sermon.  You will be shocked to learn that the allegations are unfounded.  some people believe that whatever is on the web is true. You get a shocker one day when you learn that about 50% of what  is there is false. Please take care.  Peter in Lusaka\nThis isnt false information. May God open your eyes that it want be late. Check out Walter Veith ministry. He was a Catholic and a atheist. Listen to his testimonies and his ministries\nChrist did not redeem his church with His blood so the pope could come in and steal away the glory.He never came from heaven to earth and poured out His very heart that He might purchase His people so that a poor sinner,a mere man,should be set upon high to be admired by all the nations and call himself Gods representative on earth.Christ has always been the head of His church.\nI support your comment !\nWe are Brothers and Sisters in Christ Jesus !.\n It is is the relationship with God through Jesus Christ that matters and not religion.\nCorrect me if I am wrong !\nThanks.\nFor we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities against powersHey! in presenting truth we must be  posessed with the spirit of truth. let the truth do the cutting..\nIf youre really a Christian why do talk to people that way and not in love the way Christ did?!  Christ didnt talk to people in hate and bitterness. Even when He was being beaten and flogged He chose many times not to answer at all.\nWho is he to change the laws of God, the Bible is totally clear about that, so who ever is in support of that is not a Christian\nLet no man deceive you. Read the bible and follow the commandments of God only.\nWe have to keep the commandments of God till we die we will receive the crown of life when we die for our Lord Jesus Christ. AMEN\nAs per the popes latest real news to the world he has eliminated Gods fourth commandment which commands the sabbath rest for christians. Daniel 7:25 he will try even to change the time which targets the SABBATH REST and before the close of the worlds destiny , the man of sin will be revealed refer 2 thessalonians :2:3-16, furthermore, Hebrews4:16 there remains sabbath rest for the people of God\nIn mathew 5:17 Jesus clearly stated that he didnt come to change Gods law, so who is this pope trying to change the ten commandments, adding and subtracting?\nHes a false prophet for sure (false prophet or antichrist) u cant change the Ten Commandments\nThe vatican is evil they also changed the sabbath! Evil\nYes, this one is not new at all.\nBut its very painful to realise the truth at the gate of hell. ..very painful\nTrue but he will make further changes and bring damnation on himself, his followers and the whole evil empire.  Rev.18:8-Because of this, in one day there will come upon her plagues, death, sorrow, and starvation, and she will burn in fire, because THE LORD JEHOVAH is powerful who judges her.\nRev.18:10-They will stand far off in fear of her torment, saying: Woe, woe, the great city, Babylon, the mighty city! For in a SINGLE HOUR your judgment has come.\nIn Revelation, God s people will inherit eternal life, and we know the destiny or end of those who are rebelling against the commandments of God. We have to pray for them that they will wake up to the truth, the winning side with God.\nPray for the popes salvation.  Deception is rampant.  Gods word is the absolute truth and the pope (yes, small p) does not have the authority to change it!!!  Take HEED what you hear!!!!\nTake heed of the fact the Pope has made an eleventh commandment about taking selfies.  How stupid can you be to believe this article is real?\nthe fourth commandment is to honor the Sabbath day, the Catholic church hasnt obeyed the ten commandments for quite some time now.  God doesnt change His mind or His word.  This pope is anti-Christ, flee from this apostasy!!!\nYou need to study the 10 commandments again because the 4th one is to honor your parents not the Sabbath that would be the 3th one, plus how is exactly that anyone can flee from this apostasy, Do you really think anyone will escape from the tribulation?  Think again!!!\nhe 10 Commandments List in Exodus 20:2-17\nI am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. You shall have no other gods before Me.\nYou shall not make for yourself a carved imageany likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; you shall not bow down to them nor serve them. For I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate Me, but showing mercy to thousands, to those who love Me and keep My commandments.\nYou shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain, for the LORD will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain.\nRemember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days you shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the LORD your God. In it you shall do no work: you, nor your son, nor your daughter, nor your male servant, nor your female servant, nor your cattle, nor your stranger who is within your gates. For in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, and rested the seventh day. Therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it.\nHonor your father and your mother, that your days may be long upon the land which the LORD your God is giving you.\nYou shall not murder.\nYou shall not commit adultery.\nYou shall not steal.\nYou shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.\nYou shall not covet your neighbors house; you shall not covet your neighbors wife, nor his male servant, nor his female servant, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor anything that is your neighbors.\nNo Al, the 4th commandment of those delivered from God through Moses does concern the Sabbath. Compare a Bible like the KJV with the Catholic Bible and the commandments are clearly different, not just mild word changes.\nYou are right we will all suffer tribulations, but our trust must be in God to see us through them, and not in a man.  Is the pope a holy man if he goes against what is holy?  Does any man have the right to contradict God?\nThe authentic, true 4th commandment is remember the Sabbath day, the 7th day, what we call Saturday. Rome removed the idol commandment and moved the Sabbath commandment to the 3rd position. Deceitful indeed. Liars indeed. The Great Imposter indeed.\nNo The correct is found in Exodus 20. The 4th is keeping the Sabbath day Holy. But because the Catholic Church deleted the 2nd commandment which says  You shall not make any graven images it then moved the 4th to the third.\nAl, apparently you have been a Catholic from birth because in the original Bible, the Sabbath is the fourth. Your church many years ago moved the 4th to the 3rd, removed the one forbidding idol worship and split the tenth to keep the total at ten. Find yourself a Bible not produced by the RCC and take a fresh look at the truth. Here is a link to a wonderful prophecy series [25 hour long studies] which will enlighten you if you will open your eyes!!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izztxBNQkGU&list=PLCjGwesyu8N80WdI6qpKJAEH8VtL49aC7&index=1\nWhere in the Holy Scriptures does it show pope as having any authority from the Creator? No place can you find it.\nIm in the ballpark, though next to Serbia within the former Yugoslavia.  The Czechs are about 400 miles northwest of you if you are in Croatia.  Yes, Revelationthat makes sense as well.\nIn Matthew 5:17 The Savior said not to even THINK that he (the Savior) came to do away with the Laws.\nDo you know where the pope reigns? Over the kings of the earth. He sits on the 7 hills of Rome, bringing forth abomination to the earth.  Revelation 17:9-15,18\nIm having trouble verifying this story. Is there a second witness to this? Maybe even a recording? I know the Pope operates under the spirit of antichrist (though he is not the man of sin himself), but I still would like to make sure that all claims made against him are true. Lying about evil men is still not OK, if thats what happened here.\nPlease leave Yahwehs commandments along  you evil men.  Bless are they that keep and do my commandments thus says the lord.  Who ever add or takes from this book of prophecy  all the pleges will be added to him that are spoken in this book. Do a good thing and dont revise Yahwehs ten Holy commandments. The law of the lord is perfect,  converting the soul-PS 19.7\nDan 7:25. he might think to change times and law but the truth is that GODs ten commandments can never be changed by a sinful human being like the pope.\nHow will be prove he did it?  He cant take selfies, he just made it against the ten I mean eleven commandments?\nI have researched this and have found no other comments about itnoneI would think that a public speech with these type of comments would have made news for sure.and I am NOT catholic\nIs there any other account of this happening? Ive looked all over the Net but cant find anything anywhere except on this blog. Id think Christianity Today or even a conservative news site would have something about this. The by line is dated yesterday (July 6th) and Ive found many articles about the trip and even some quotes from the times he spoke, but nobody else has this listed as a topic. Please let me know where you found this information. I have a number of friends, that are protestant, who like this pope because of his stand on environmental issues, so Id like to share this article if I can back up that the Pope really said these things. Thank you.\nThis is a satire website. Read some of the other articles, you will find none of it is true. People no longer fact check and just believe what they read, when this happens more people get caught up in a lie.\nThe News is not supported with any evidence at all!\nRepeated request to post any such clip of audio or video or the information delails of When (date) ? Where (place) ? Did Pope announced such a sermon is not responded.\nThanks\nPope of Catholic Churchyou are wrong and have no authority to change the word of God. I hope you are not an anti-Christ?\nFor the crying out loud people!!!! Check your facts!!!!!!!!   This site is a KNOWN spoof site that is actually geared to making money based on click-throughs! The Pope absolutely said nothing even close to the sort as the article claimed. Youve been duped! Whats worse, you helped someone make money by bearing false witness!\nthey have changed scripture from the beginning of time. including the actual baptism in Jesus Name to Father Son, Holy Ghost, dont believe me look it up like I did. Let every man be a liar but God is True.\nThis is a fake news site, set up to freak out the naive sheep. This story is no more true than Obama extending term limits or Walmart burning American flags. Do NOT be sheep. Do your research..\nIt seems that this article is based on a faulty translation.  The Vatican provides an English translation of all of the Popes remarks, especially while he is on an official visit like the one to Ecuador.  In the homily from yesterdays Mass, the Holy Father spoke about the family, but he didnt say anything about the Commandments, not at all.  Read the full English translation here: http://w2.vatican.va/content/francesco/en/homilies/2015/documents/papa-francesco_20150706_ecuador-omelia-guayaquil.html\nThe number of good Christians who summarily and wholeheartedly believed your story makes we wonder if religiosity comes at a price of abandoning critical thinking, common sense, and a score of higher order brain functions, such as googling facts. Why would God want his believers to be less smart than atheists?\nRevelation 22:19\nNew International Version\nAnd if anyone takes words away from this scroll of prophecy, God will take away from that person any share in the tree of life and in the Holy City, which are described in this scroll.\nI see many people have posted since I posted at 11:33am this morning. My comment still says awaiting moderation. Has my comment been reviewed? Id really like to join in this conversation, so please let me know if my comment has been approved. If it hasnt, please let me know why so I can amend them.\npeople jump into false stories written by the usual suspects looking for members using propaganda. the holier than thou brigade who happen to be sdas. why dont pple respect other pples religion\nDan 7:25  And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.\nI guess this was a fake story The reason it was so believable is because I wouldnt put it past pope francis these days.\nOK, now things are starting to make sense This is a phony/fake/satirical website. I should have known since the claims you made are so outlandish. Im a protestant and dont feel the need to protect the Catholic Church, but integrity is still integrity and you my friend have not shown integrity in your reporting. There doesnt seem to be anything real about realnewsrightnow.com, but I will happily rescind these remarks and promote your website if you can prove your claims or refute mine (with proof). Im assuming this will never see the comments section, so please help me rethink that assumption.\nFirst of all, God is the same yesterday today and forever. If he thinks he can rewrite the word of God, Christians should banish him and turn their backs on this so called pope.\nThe comments on this post are proof that people will believe anything. I assure you the Pope did NOT revise the ten commandmentslol!\nYour assurance is so important to all of us. We have all come to rely solely on you for your enlightened words and revelations of truth. I assure you.\nDaniel 7:25\nSays Daniel, of the little horn, the papacy: He shall think to change times and the law. Daniel 7:25, R.V. And Paul styled the same power the man of sin, who was to exalt himself above God. One prophecy is a complement of the other. Only by changing Gods law could the papacy exalt itself above God; whoever should understandingly keep the law as thus changed would be giving supreme honor to that power by which the change was made. {GC 446}\n#11  Thou shall pay carbon tax to Al Gore\n#12  Submitting to World government and taking the mark of the beast is good.\nUmmm..you DO know that this site is satire dont you?? As in COMEDY? The whole site, all the articles are toungue in cheek. A JOKE!! You arent very bright are you dear?!!\nWhen Christains realise that they are not bound by the laws of Moses and the Ten Commandments the beta.Jesus Christ gave we Christains a Law,which we call the Golden rule.Do unto others what u want others to do to uit is a summation of the Ten Commandments and more.I am not a follower of Moses and the Ten Commandments was given to the Jews..Jesus Christ was given for us Christains.\nAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa\nhE can v his say but that will not b e Gods word,Lod Himself never said He will send a pope to change anything in e Bible\nFunny, some words can be posted In kitchens n read indoors not for public consumption\nPlease e biblical words n works of God can not change by anyone born by human\nLet us us this time to pray over e atrocities encountering e world not to create tension by people who had titles on land\nFake news is making life really really difficult.  You dont know what to believe anymore!  For those of you saying things like Oh no!  or the pope is the antichrist!    CALM DOWN.  This article is a lie.  This website should repent of this sin of spreading false witness on such a grand scale.  It surely carries a grand punishment if you dont.\nFulfillment of the prophecy! Lord were r you?are you seeing this? May your Holy name be glorified for now we are seeing wat is n ws written even before our forefathers! Forgive him father.\nThe wicked will be turned into hell and all the nations that forget Yahweh God! They will think to change laws and now they do it again as they did when they changed the 7th day sabbath to Sundaytime to change your mind if you are following this man-instead of God! God do not change-time to repent people! 2Th 2:3 Man of pedition!\nDan.7:25KJV\nAnd he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to CHANGE TIMES and LAWS: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.\nNot sure yet this news item is legit, since many false news items are being manufactured these days, but if it is then all I would simply say is what God himself said:\nPsalm 89:34 My covenant [Ten Commandments] will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips.\nHebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ [is] the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.\nIsaiah 8:20 To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.\nMatthew 5:18 For verily I [JESUS] say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.\nMat 5:19 Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.\n Rev 22:12 Behold, I [JESUS] come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.\nRev 22:13 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.\nRev 22:14 Blessed are they that do his [Jesus] commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.\nRev 22:15 For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.\nINCLUDED AMONG THOSE WHO WILL NOT MAKE IT INTO THE CITY ARE THOSE WHO LOVETH AND MAKETH A LIE!! IT IS A LIE THAT GOD WOULD ALTER HIS COMMANDMENTS AND CONTRADICT PSALM 89:34, OR GIVE ANY HUMAN THE RIGHT TO SO DO!! THATS BLASPHEMY, AND A LIE!!\n P.S. Clearly the above linked news item seems FAKE, or is satire from a spoof website, and probably should not be taken seriously, but even if it was, the same Scriptures quoted above would apply!!\nAll these thing are happening and we can not stop them to do this things. But us we know the truth, let us stick on the truth and prepare our selve for the coming of our Savior Jesus Christ. God bless u all.\nReally? Thats a bunch of evil crapthats 100% lie..God is the Almighty and there is no way on earth that Hell change His mind on His commandments.\nMAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON US OOOOOO.THIS IS REALLY SIGNS OF END TIME.HE IS A DECEIVER LOOKING FOR THE VERY ELECT WHOM HE WILL DECEIVE.\nMY BRETHREN BE CAREFUL OOOO\nNeither were the other men who wrote the bible. Whos to say that God didnt talk to him the same way he talked to the men who wrote the original bible? Why would you believe the men from the original bible  which has been translated and retranslated so many times that meanings have changed over time.\nOMG  you people are a bunch of pathetic, gullible morons!!  This story, and every other one on this site is satire and for entertainment purposes only (clearly for the author to marvel at his own mind altering abilities!)!!  The Oscar Meyer award for Journalistic Excellence Seriously?!!  The bologna manufacturer creating an award for bologna!!  Ok  that is actually pretty funny!!  Kudos to the author for his sense of humor.\nGo find something more important to do with your time.  Maybe idle time would be better spent learning some critical thinking skills as opposed to reading and sharing propaganda.\nPerhaps there is little hope for Christianity if we are all so willing to believe the worst in people without proper evidence.\nI see you dont know the first thing about the bible, if you had studied the bibe then you would have not made that statement. Hello !!!\nWe know because Gods word says in Galatians 1:9 if any man preach any other gospel than the one we preached to you, let him be under Gods curse. God says His word stands forever. He never changes\nThe post of Roy Wilson is correct, this pope is not God; it was God who wrote the ten commandments on Moses tablets. God did not tell anyone to write them. May the Lord bless and help this mans soul! I found an amazing small book that helped me understand it all, love it! visit website thats included. http://bookstore.westbowpress.com/Products/SKU-000508662/Our-Purposes-And-Why.aspx\nThe Popes have always placed themselves above God; not to mention, granting themselves the right to forgive sins, lolsuch foolssuch paganistic actions that should not come as a surprise.\nRevelations 22:18-19 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\nPope Francis has no right to add or take anything away from The Bible. If he does so, he will be judged by The Lord Jesus. Maybe he should study The Bible!\nHi Dickens, when John spoke those words, he was talking about the book of revelations, not the bible. The bible wasnt compiled when the book of revelations was written and notice he says the book of this prophecy. He was talking about the prophecy of the book of revelations.\nps With what I said about Johns words, I dont believe the Pope has the right to revelation for the worldlol The Catholic church is an apostate paganistic religion and the root of most evils in this world.\nNot only the Pope needs to study the bible, all denominational churches need to study their bibles, because there are verses in the bible that pertain to your false doctrines and religious practices. Hello !!!\n18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:\n19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\nOh dear, God is going to be angry about this one and if you read the Book of Revelations you will know why you would never want to make God angry at you! I pray that  this is a lie of the devil.   The Gospel says if anyone changes one word of the Word of God woe unto him. Revelations 22:19 says, If any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book (Bible).Exodus 32:33 says, And the Lord said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of my book.\nA child of God.\nGod is not a God of confusion or one who makes mistakes just like ordinary human beings to make corrections, like mare authors to make revision!!!\nThis story is 100% false. He never said these things. For all you who believe this, please do your fact checking. Heres his homily:\nhttp://www.zenit.org/en/articles/pope-francis-homily-at-mass-in-semanes-park-guayaquil\nl am not surprise to see and hear of such things.There is only one thing that comes un mind Jesus is coming soon Remember! we are in the end time\nI doubt the source of this article. It should appear in the Vativans publications something similar to confirm the statements. Just thinking If Gods 10 Commandments need cultural update,  how trustful this God can be. After which of the laws the judgement will take place? As far as I know the original 10 Commandments went through a revamp long ago where the second commandment was taken out completely, the 4th chopped up and to keep the number even, the tenth was cut in two. I guess if the Pope did it once and no one said anything,  he can do it again\nIm happy because the Pope has just shown the true purpose of religious congregations . Remember that the pope is the spiritual authority to whom all the leaders of these groups are spiritual allegiance . Do not forget they are in ecumenism with the Pope at the head . In conclusion, it all working for the same mind , their only god who really is the devil. Do not be surprised that he decided dde change commendements . They have done so for over 1000 years as all the worshipers to the sun god on Sunday knowing that the Sabbath day is Saturday ( Daniel 7: 25). We are in the recovery time of all things. If youre still part of its groups , flee and look for the creator while there is still time. Please be aware that remaining flesh you can not worship the Creator who is Spirit ( John 4: 24-24) . Open your eyes siblings.\nJe suis content parce que le pape vient de montrer le vritable but des congrgations religieuses. Noubliez pas que le pape est lautorit spirituelle  qui tous les dirigeants de ces groupes spirituels font allgence. Noubliez pas quils sont dans loecumenisme avec  la tte le pape. En conclusion, tous il travaillent pour un mme esprit, leur dieu unique qui en ralit est le diable. Ne vous tonnez donc pas quil dcide dde changer les commendements. Ils lont dj fait depuis plus de 1000 ans car tous rendent le culte au dieu soleil le dimanche sachant bien que le jour de shabbat est samedi (Daniel 7: 25). Nous sommes au temps de recouvrement de toute chose. Si vous faites encore parti de ses groupes, fuyez et cherchez le crateur pendant quil est encore temps. Sachez tout de mme que demeurant charnels vous ne pouvez pas adorez le crateur qui est Esprit (Jean 4:24-24). Ouvrez les yeux frres et soeurs.\nNo need to mislead others with falsehoods. The pope never said any of this. For all news Catholic, please get credible news from ewtn. Remember the 8th commandment: thou shalt not lie\nI just want to know if this is true or not If its true, this is blasphemy, however, its expected for something like this to happen from the Roman Catholic Church. They believe the Pope speaks for Jesus here on earth. They also believe that when the Pope speaks on making doctrinal changes or additions, or changing any kind of laws in regards to religion in total, that he is infallible.\nAnd the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time. (Daniel 7:24-25)..And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities. (Revelation 18:4-5).\nYou know what? This pope is really not God sent and he is a servant of the anti-Christ. Fuck to all his masters and followers. Our Lord God mighty does not not share his governing powers with any earthly being. Fake man of God . This really proves that the end is near so brethrens dont be lied to by this unscrupulous beings\nWhile Real News Right Now does not contain a disclaimer identifying it as a fake news web site, the above-quoted story is just that: another piece of fake news.\nReal News Right Now has published a number of fictional news items, including an article about President Obamas stripping Texas of statehood and an article about President Obamas banning the possession of Confederate flags.\nThe biggest indicator that Real News Right Now is a fake news publication comes from the sites About page, where author R. Hobbus J.D. brags about winning fictional awards such as the Oscar Mayer Award for Journalistic Excellence and the Stephen Glass [a journalist notorious for falsifying news stories) Distinction in Journalistic Integrity.\nThis is no surprise. prophecy is being fulfilled. The beast and its image. Folks i recommend the book National Sunday Law to you all. Get that book and youre gonna be shocked for the rest of your life!!!!!\nThis is Blasphemy at its highest l can not believe that the devil Satan has gone this far as to deceive the multitude of people. l feel for the people that look up to this man and think that he is holy. Lets read the book of of Daniel and Revelation in our bibles and we will be able to see straight through the Pope and see him for who and what he is. His crown on his head has 3 tiers to say he rules over Heaven, Earth and Hell. All l know is that God is the ruler.deeply saddened.\nHow could God talk to the MAN of SIN instructing him to change Gods law that He personally wrote with His finger. And those of same sex marriage are to be left outside the gate, meaning they are doomed according to the Holy Scriptures. Jesus said,  I have not come to change the law, but to fullfill it. The Pope or better known by his church as the  Vigar son of God. In latin Vicarius figli Dei  some of the letters in Latin also means number and when these are added the numbers of it comes to 666 The son of perdition. I am surprised he didnt mention the changing of the 4th commandment too from Sabbath, seventh day to Sunday first day od the week. Also Sunday is a Roman Day for the Sun as a god. The mind bogles with these devils deciples.\nSo let me get this God told the pope to revise the 10 commandments which He PEPERSONALLY gave Moses. The He told the pope to remove the 7th commandment so God can extend His grace? The pope is on dope and has just lost all his hope. Friends, prophecy has to be fulfilled, and following the pope is like hanging yourself with a rope. Let all know Jesus for ourselves read the bible now while we can.\nThe Pope cannot & is not changing the Ten Commandments and will never instruct that adultery & homosexual acts (not the people themselves) is against Gods Law.  The person who wrote this article is full of beans.  He calls himself a journalist but prints untruths.  The Commandments are not being changed anymore than Obama has taken control of Pyongyang, as this gentleman writes in another article.  If one uses the internet as a news source, one must investigate the reporters of said news.  Anyone can call themselves whatever they like  & put whatever they want on the internet.  Just because something is in (electronic) print does not make it true.\nDoesnt anyone get it!  This is a satirical news site.  None of the stories on this site are real.  I you read something outlandish like this, please do some research to corroborate the story before you go spread this ridiculousness by reposting it. \nHow about God says in Mathew 24:25   heaven and earth shall pass away, My word shall not and in Malachi 3:6  For I am the Lord, I change NOT, wow, this higher than any prophet beloved is really something  God have mercy!\nHow about God says in Mathew 24:25  heaven and earth shall pass away, My word shall not and in Malachi 3:6  For I am the Lord, I change NOT, wow, this higher than any prophet beloved is really something  God have mercy!\nThis story isnt true. Dont believe everything you read, people! A google search came up with a whole lot of nothing. In addition, snopes has labelled it false. In addition to THAT, there is this:\nWhile Real News Right Now does not contain a disclaimer identifying it as a fake news web site, the above-quoted story is just that: another piece of fake news.\nReal News Right Now has published a number of fictional news items, including an article about President Obamas stripping Texas of statehood and an article about President Obamas banning the possession of Confederate flags.\nThe biggest indicator that Real News Right Now is a fake news publication comes from the sites About page, where author R. Hobbus J.D. brags about winning fictional awards such as the Oscar Mayer Award for Journalistic Excellence and the Stephen Glass [a journalist notorious for falsifying news stories) Distinction in Journalistic Integrity.\nHave you not read that God is the same yesterday, today and forever and He never changes? Have you not read He me goes back on His words, do you think He didnt it great thought to before He published the first commandments? Who are you to edit the Words of God?\nAs hilarious as this comment section is, it wouldnt be right to see fellow Christians made fools of. Its satire. Take a look at the other articles on this site. Use some discernment, people!\nThis is really interesting\nPope promoting same sex marriage and changing the most sacred text to suite this abomination.\nThe bible remains thesame n God never changes\nThank God he has power to change the holy scriptures n add some\nMay God have mercy on his followers\nThe original forth commandment talks about sabbath n not respect for parent.\nBeware fellow Catholics n leave Babylon\nChrist comes soon\nThe end time is at hand. Friends in Christ please let us stand firm for da beast has been released.God help us\nObey the gospel and believe, repent, confess and be baptised for the remission of your sins and God will add you to his church, the church of Christ Acts 2:47\nWow. This is one of the worst of the many antichrists that are in the world today, him and all the false churches and anyone that calls themself a prophet or reverend or bishop or pastor. This man doesnt obey god himself so how can he tell people what god wants. God is going to do with this man that he does with all the people who lies about him and teaches people to do evil. Anything that god found evil back when he gave the commandments is still evil now, no matter what anyone says. Gods law is his grace and his love, they are one in the same. God is perfect and all of his laws he gave, and that which is perfect does not require change. Read the bible for yourself and ask god what it means and stop listening to these false prophets and idolators.\nI call it pathetic,blasphemous and uncalled for.I happened to read Dan Browns, Da Vinci Code and i got rather a new opinion about the Catholic. So these comments come not as a surprise but a continuation of what will go down as a self-imposed journey to self-destruction of the Catholic faithfuls.I dont believe those comments from the pope especially considering i held him high above other popes of our era.But lets wait and see the repercussions.\nPlease show where you got your information from. I watched and read the Popes sermon and didnt hear anything about the 10 commandments. I tried to research this, but came up with nothing.\nThank you\nThis is a fake story. This is a fake website. Look at the About page and you will see all sorts of silly awards and accommodations. If that doesnt convince you then look at this real article from Snopes  http://m.snopes.com/pope-changing-commandments/\nThis is a fake story. This is a fake website. Look at the About page and you will see all sorts of silly awards and accommodations. If that doesnt convince you then look at this real article from Snopes http://m.snopes.com/pope-changing-commandments/\nUseless pope\nmad pope\nswan pope\nfoolish pope\nmay de almighty sent his tender upon u(hmmmmmm de world is soo soon coming to an end oo Jaah save us\nhmmmGod have mercy on this pope Francis or wat ever he calls himself, to change Gods commandment?? ask him is he second God on earth??? fuck u Pope\nNo this is untruePope is not changing the commdments.  I will pray for you Obeng because you obviously have no faith  The Pope would never do this and I would advise you check your sources before making such derogatory statements against the Pope.  God Bless.\nMany of his (pope) sympathizers  will at last learn the bitterest truth that he has led them to hell. study the Holy Scriptures for thyself, and you will get to know what has been the policy of Rome throughout the ages.\nThe whore of Babylon has gone too far with her evil games.  If the Creator of Heaven and Earth had declared that His Torah (His Holy Word) is a statute then why would He tell an earthly being who falsely claims to be in His place to change His Holy Commandments?  Those who are asleep yet, Wake Up and repent, the alarm is ring for the disaster that is coming upon all who follow the whore of Babylon.\nBook of Revelation 17: (4)-Now the woman was dressed in purple and scarlet clothing, and adorned with gold, precious stones, and pearls. She held in her hand a golden cup filled with detestable things and unclean things from her sexual immorality.\n(5)-And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.\n(6)-And I saw the woman who was drunk with the blood of The Holy Ones and with the blood of the witnesses of Yeshua (Jesus), and I was stunned with a great astonishment when I saw her.\nThe early reformers learnt it the hard way that the Roman Church has been used by satan to fight against the true worshipers of God. Satan first is laying the sure foumdation quietly, then he will strike at full strength, and the world will reel in wonder\nFor more info of what this Pope is doing i will recommend you to read the book Great Controversy by Ellen White you will have all your answers I use to be a faithful Catholic the day the lord lead me to study the bile I free myself for this demonic religion i never look back since there is a lot of sincere people in that religion who have no idea whats behind the scene the lord will call them out soon and they will see what the Pope is all aboutour lord and savior who die to dsave us from sin and lies of this religion is the only Tue God there is no other and there will be no other God like Him and he is coming soon to show this world who is the True God and the pope wont stand a chance when Jesus\n come back to judge this earth..when you will know the Truth the Truth shall set you free like it has set me free.Gods love and blessing to you who is willing to know the Truth\nThe roman Catholics distort the word of God. The Seventh Dayers, Mormons and JWs replaced the word of God altogether. All are wrong.\nIts very true Richard.  Read the Book of Revelation Chapter 17: its all about the catholic church.  Watch this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HAQ7Uaa9AE\nPope calls calls on lucifer during Easter vigil  pause and read the translation.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yT9vWRB7cw\nIf you are catholic, get out of it and repent  hear the Voice of the Creator, the Holy One of Israel calling out, while theres still a chance.\nRevelation 18:4-I heard another voice from heaven saying, Come out of Babylon, my people, so that you do not participate in her sins and suffer from any of her plagues.\nJeremiah:51:45-Get out of Babylon, my people! Flee to save your lives from the fierce anger of the LORD!\nMy mangina really got all frothy at the thought of tons of Santorum oozing from my crevice.\nIt is just how I feel today. Really.\nIt is the best thing I have felt since I had to reach into his smock and receive his holiness.\nTHE TRUE COLORS OF THE POPE HAVE NOW JUST BEGAN TO MANIFEST! AND THIS IS JUST JUST A TIP OF THE ICEBERG!\nGET READY, BUT STAND YOUR GROUNDS, PUT ON THE WHOLE ARMOR OF GOD  AND HAVING DONE ALL THESE THINGS (TO) STAND (YOUR GROUNDS)\n (Ephesians 6:12-18)\nYou can be sure, The Pope is coming out with a SERIES OF ABOMINATIONABLE, ANTI-BIBLICAL, ANTI-JESUS & ANTI-MORAL PRESS STATEMENTS (ON A DEFIANT/GLOBAL) SCALE THAT WILL SHOCK THE ENTIRE BIBLE-BELIEVING CHRISTIAN WORLD GLOBALLY!\nBUT THESE ARE ONLY THE BEGINNING OF HIS (THE POPES) END-TIME HIDDEN, SATANIC AGENDA OF THE APOSTASY & ABOMINATION PROPHESIED BY THE (OT & NT) PROPHETES & APOSTLES OF OLD!!!\nYou may be rightbut REALNEWSRIGHTNOW.COM IS A SATIRE WEBSITEWHICH MEANS THE NEWS IN THIS SITE IS JUST SATIREITS NOT TRUEI sympathise with you though.\nTHE TRUE COLORS OF THE POPE HAVE NOW JUST BEGAN TO MANIFEST! AND THIS IS JUST JUST A TIP OF THE ICEBERG!\nGET READY, BUT STAND YOUR GROUNDS, PUT ON THE WHOLE ARMOR OF GOD  AND HAVING DONE ALL THESE THINGS (TO) STAND (YOUR GROUNDS)\n (Ephesians 6:12-18)\nYou can be sure, The Pope is coming out with a SERIES OF ABOMINATIONABLE, ANTI-BIBLICAL, ANTI-JESUS & ANTI-MORAL PRESS STATEMENTS (ON A DEFIANT/GLOBAL) SCALE THAT WILL SHOCK THE ENTIRE BIBLE-BELIEVING CHRISTIAN WORLD GLOBALLY!\nBUT THESE ARE ONLY THE BEGINNING OF HIS (THE POPES) END-TIME HIDDEN, SATANIC AGENDA OF THE APOSTASY & ABOMINATION PROPHESIED BY THE (OT & NT) PROPHTES & APOSTLES OF OLD!!!\nI am non catholic but this has got to be another false article, do your homework out there folks and dont make a fool out of yourself quoting this article until you have exhausted yourself in researching it. If this is in fact true, we will see it again later but I highly doubt it is true. The article feels and smells like a fraud.\nWhat is wrong with you people? Firstly its a lie that the Pope has made such a statement that he has been directed by God to change the Ten Commandments. How foolish can you get? Apparently pretty foolish! You people will believe anything! Moses did not even write the first five books of the bible! He was most likely an Egyptian priest who fled Egypt around the time of the heretic Pharaoh AKhenaten who is historys first recorded monotheist. The first five books of the bible were written or compiled by at least five different authors, the last being a Jewish priest a few hundred years before the birth of Jesus. Early Christians began to worship on Sunday, the first day of the Jewish week because that was the day their lord Jesus was resurrected by God. The so called Ten Commandments were gives to the Twelve Tribes of Israel, not to every one in the world. And by the way, if you ever get to reading all five books you will discover that there are hundreds of commandments given in those books Israel, just as important as the Ten. According to Genesis, after the Flood, God gave to the world ( Gentiles) the Rainbow covenant which contains seven commandments, which does not contain a sabbath commandment. Non Jews are not required to keep a sabbath, especially Christians, though most do. Get a life folks, read your bibles, and some scholarly works for a change, and question what you read on the Net!\nI agree with 98% of what you say. However I have been to Egypt and studied hieroglyphs and artifacts in Luxor, Aswan, and Cairo. It is hard to believe with what I saw that Moses was most likely an Egyptian preist. I am not claiming to be all knowing but I did not find a lick of Hebrew or Armaic anywhere I studied. I went to the Valley of the Kings, Cairo Museum, and various other temples. I would be glad to show you my photos via e-mail\nso you expect the egyptians to keep a genuine record of the man moses.Tht God used mightily to unleash HIS judgement of plagues? come on be wise! most of these history books have bn distorted by satan.how can sumone say tht the five books wasnt written by moses.mk the bible your standard.delving into history books and other materials written by satan inspired peeps will only mk u deviate from the Faith..shalom.\nI have never read more ignorant rubbish in my whole life. The worst thing a man can do is think that they know when they dont know; that is the equivalent of dying in water yet of thirst . You sir need prayer and fasting for you deception runs deep. May God deliver you\nMoses writing five books or not, how is that important? Whats important is living by Gods word. The Ten Commandments were given to all mankind as a guide to live by and there is not one commandment which is wrong to do. The Catholics acknowledge and knows the true Sabbath is Saturday but they changed it to Sunday only because Jesus rose on Sunday. If you are so into knowledge of the bible, get to know your very own book the Catechism. Live in love, live in peace and live in Gods Word. Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.\nmy dear friend you are lying to the Gods sheep which are perishing.,.kindly note that the foolishness of God is wiser than men.,1corinthians 1:24-26.,.\nFollow your false beliefs. Go back to sleep Edward like Snow white and I assure you, that you will Wake Up ONLY when the LION KING OF JUDAH arrives with His Fiery Wrath.  Good Luck until then!!\nSomething this significant would be all over the NET if true.  I have seen nothing else remotely close to this involving the Pope. If true this would get the attention of the whole world very fast.  Since I have seen nothing else concerning this then it must be a scam.  Otherwise all of Christianity would be up in arms against the Pope even the Catholic Faithful.\nRevelation 22:18-19.. For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book.. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\nEcclesiastes 3:14.. I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever: nothing can be put to it, nor anything taken from it: and God doeth it, that men should fear before him.\nGalatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we heve preached unto you, let him be accursed..\nTherefore I conclude that pope francis     is the ANTI-CHRIST,. God bless us the true Christ believers.\nAnti Christ is Muslim and wil be identified mid tribulation when he/she stops the animal sacrifices at the rebuilt temple in Jerusalem. Even so the anti Christ is alive on earth now. The Pope the would be the false prophet paving the way.\nsay what.. NO the 10 Commandents can not be alter or changed Any changes done to the text is solely done by man.. not by god\nAnd he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:\nYou shall not add to the word that I command you, nor take from it, that you may keep the commandments of the Lord your God that I command you. Deuteronomy 4:2\nThe scriptures states that the apostasy is lead by the man of lawlessness, also known as the clergy of Christendom, specifically, the pope. (see 2 Thess. 2:3, 4, 7-12) And because the Pope and the Catholic church, as just a few examples of many, gets deeply involved in politics, practices idolatry, the bowing down and worship of idols and images, and teaches many commands of men as doctrines), some things of which the Bible strictly condemns. These things are directly contrary to everything the One True God stands for, and against everything the  Inspired Scriptures state, and of these, sadly, which the untaught and the unsteady, are twisting,  as they do the rest of the scriptures, to their own destruction.2 Peter 3:16.\nSorry to tony, theres no mercy for the pope, his minions, his palaces, including the people who continue to him are all signed and sealed in Heavens book for destruction.\nWhere is his Miraculous works? Many false prophets shall arise and may even deceive the elect. Even The Messiah did not come to change The Word of The Most High, but to fulfill it.\nWhether this news is true or not, its ALARMING. They were millions of people will be deceived. It is not from God that instructions, its from the devil. Satans mission is to kill, steal and destroy mankind.(John 10:10) And Satan will use person who are known, because he (satan) knows that people will believe him whatever he is going to say. Satan is so intent on destroying mankind is because God made us for relationship with God, to love God, to be loved by God and to worship God. Satan knows that the greatest creation, mankind, is also His greatest love. God loves us with a love that is so deep it is beyond our understanding and Satan hates God with such intensity, he knows the best way to hurt God is to hurt us.It says in the word, I am the Alpha and the Omega , the Beginning and the End. (Revelation 21:6 NIV) I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: If anyone adds anything to them God will add to him the plagues described in this book. And if anyone takes words away from this book of prophecy God will take away from him his share in the tree of life and in the holy city, which are describe in this book. (Revelation 22:18,19) Lets continue to pray for one another, our nations and to fix our eyes on God alone. We are able to stand against the wiles of this enemy, if we embrace and use the many weapons and defenses provided for us in the Whole Armor of God. Read Ephesians 6:10-20\nIndeed the whole world can see that the pope, the so-called vicar of Christ is indeed  that man of sinthe son of perdition. Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way.\n And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:\n Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,\n And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. (2 Thessalonians 2:3-10)\nthis is hard to take and practice. God condermed the act of Sodome and he burnt them for their acts. How can that same God accept to that same act knowing very well others were killed to that. watch out fellow, for the Kingdom of His is near.\nThe great deceiver has many agents\nready to present any and every kind of error to ensnare souls\nheresies prepared to suit the varied tastes and capacities of those whom he would ruin. It is his plan to bring into the church insincere, unregenerate elements that will encourage doubt and unbelief,\nand hinder all who desire to see\nthe work of God advance and to\nadvance with it.\n Many who have no real faith in God or in His word assent to some principles of truth and pass as Christians, and thus they are enabled to introduce their errors as Scriptural doctrines.\nWe are approaching the end of this earths history, and Satan is working as never before. He is striving to act as director of the Christian world. With an intensity that is marvelous he is working with his lying wonders. Satan is represented as walking about as a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour. He desires to embrace the whole world in his confederacy. Hiding his deformity under the garb of Christianity, he assumes the attributes of a Christian, and claims to be Christ Himself.Manuscript Releases 8:346 (1901).\nThe Word of God declares that when it suits the enemys purpose, he will through his agencies manifest so great a power under a pretense of Christianity that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect [Matthew 24:24].Ms 125, 1901.\nAs the spirits will profess faith in the Bible and manifest respect for the institutions of the church,their work will be accepted as a manifestation of divine power.The Great Controversy, 588 (1911).\nThe strongest bulwark of vice in our world is not the iniquitous life of the abandoned sinner or the degraded outcast; it is that life which otherwise appears virtuous, honorable, and noble, but in which one sin is fostered, one vice indulged. Genius, talent, sympathy, even generous and kindly deeds, may thus become decoys of Satan to entice souls over the precipice of ruin.Education, 150 (1903).\nDaniel 7:25 is fulfilling the law of God is been tempered with again,behold brethren wake up and be read revelation 12:17 will soon fulfill.\nBaloney?  Do you study the Bible? Obviously not, because you are catholic I assume.  Dont worry just go back to sleep like I told Edward above.  Read the comments.\nThe fact that so many people think this is real scares me. Do you just believe everything you read online? This is a fake news site like The Onion!\nHmmmm.so where did the Pope meet Yahwhich god?where is the Gospel according to Mariam the Mother of Yesu Christo? where is the original scrolls of\nthe Bible written in Aramaic and hebrew..etcwhere is the Book of Life and Death taken from Egyptwe cant continue to worship Yah in ignorace and as an object of worshiphmmmm\n1st thing 1st, the pope is no one special and if you follow him, you are in idolatry.  so who cares what he says..hes not God! so repent and read your bibles.\nI am a Christian and have learned to research stories before I post anything about them. This website is a satire which is defined as humor, irony or exaggeration. Check out their About page: http://realnewsrightnow.com/about/\nThe Catholic Church has already changed a commandment. The fourth commandment is to remember the Sabbath day and keep it holy. This is not a word from God.\nHe is delusional.  God speaks specifically to adding to or taking away what the Bible says.  God didnt instruct him to do anything.\nSo is this pope saying that God didnt know how the world was going to be before the end times? God didnt tell him to add 2 commandments, because He didnt know what the world was going to be like, before He returned. God knows all. I dont pretend to know what my Lord has in mind, but, He is all knowing, and He makes no mistakes.\nHi Guysyouve all been fooled. This is not news.\nHere is the English text of his homily. Read the whole thing. http://w2.vatican.va/content/francesco/en/homilies/2015/documents/papa-francesco_20150706_ecuador-omelia-guayaquil.html\n..Im sure some of you speak/read  Spanish..heres the Spanish original\nhttp://w2.vatican.va/content/francesco/es/homilies/2015/documents/papa-francesco_20150706_ecuador-omelia-guayaquil.html\n You might even like it. Its intelligent, focused on the family (the word family is mentioned 28 times!), and on Social justicegood Christian and Catholic valuesAND NOWHEREis there ANY MENTIONof the 10 commandments. Nowhere people. This is story was created by  either Liberal propaganda, wishing the Pope could bless gay marriages, or its a few angry  Christians who love blasting the Church and needed a make believe headline to help them do it (because this pope is so awesome, youd have to have a very active imagination to find reasons to  criticize him!!). Either way..its not news..because HE NEVER SAID THESE THINGS\n Thanksand despite my frustration with this website, I still pray for you!\nThis articles author deliberately maligned the Pope. He definitely misunderstood Pope Francis words. Sir, please do not translate revisar with revise (change). In Spanish, revisar means to review or to see again. Consider crossing between Mexico and USA,  along the border, if you were told to go to the revisin that means youre going to the secondary inspection.  You are going to be looked at more thoroughly.\nThis mistranslation reminds me of some YouTube charlatan who also misunderstood the Latin word lucifer to refer to Satan. He maligned the Vatican during Pope John Paul and Pope John XXIIIs canonization. He heard and saw lucifer in the words said or chanted that day and he cried foul! in utter ignoramce. The word instead means bringer of light (day) or dawn orif he uses an everyday Englishmorning. The Bible refers to morning or dawn lucifer in Latin. And thus because Christ is the light that destroys the darkness, he is also described as Bringer of Day. In his context, the word lucifer cannot be Satan.\nHello Andre, thank you for your feedback but that is your belief.  There is too much confusion and deception created by evil people to draw mankind away from the True Hebrew Savior Who died on the cross, shed his precious blood to redeem us all from the clutches of satan  but many do not have the insight of the good, the bad and the ugly and because of that millions are lost and will be eternally lost .. This is indeed very sad.  .. Blessings!\nRome and the Anti-Christ Pope in a release from Vatican today decleared that Pope Francis rewrote the ten commandments that were written in stone for the very purpose of establishing an eternal law. The ten commandments are perpetual abiding for all times. The presumptive act of arrogance on Franciss part is indicative of the time we live in, when evil rules and the abnormal is the new normal. That is why INIcant stop chant down Babylon. FIRE BURN POPE OF ROME!!\nYou are right my friend but many sheople do not see the evil that is clearly displayed before our eyes and thats amazing.  Its not only about this article but read this article .. the pope is no saint as the catholics think of him .. Pope Francis to be Tried by Sanhedrin\nRead more at http://www.breakingisraelnews.com/44759/pope-francis-tried-sanhedrin-jewish-world/#QAeesfS4xywZ2LC2.99\nThe link below is the homily given by the Pope on Tuesday at mass (contrary to what you are writing)\nSo please read this first and get the right information. And stop misleading us! \nhello its Mrs. Spencer so as I read this couldnt believe what was said and also for the record theres only 10 commandments and anything else after was all man made so we must be real Careful on whats said out here and if your ready and studying Gods word then you wont be so surprised whats going on out there but still we must be aware of all things false Truths yes just my opinion hey know that Im a Christian and Im standing by Jesus with all my Heart because I know that hes always in control of all things in this sinful world that we all live so what yourself and dont be Deceive by all this nonsense God says know his word and never give up your not alone keep the faith Amen\nImcorrect!\n*The Fourth Commandment, which advocates that proper respect be shown towards ones parents, has been reworded in order to include children raised by same-sex parents.*\n4th Commandment\nRemember the Sabbath and KEEP IT HOLY (NO WORK).\nWE ARE EXPERIENCING THE LAST DAYS OF THE END AND SATAN PUT ALL ITS EFFORTS TO CHANGE WHAT WAS WRITTEN BY THE HAND OF GOD. GODSONS SHOULD STAND ON HIS PROMISES. LETS WATCH AND PRAY   EVERY HOUR.\nIt is astounding and sad that the people commenting on this post believe it is true. If a story seems outrageous it probably is satire. And in case the word satire is new to you, it means the use of humor, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize peoples stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues. \nthe time is now when they will be known  from the fruits they bear so we are not suprised that he is using his position to ruin the world he will be anserable. GOD is not man to change his mind neither does he lie  and so pope is just adding on his punishment for the word of GOD tells us that no one should add or reduce the words that were written  pz let u pray and keep watching.\nThis is a complete lie.  I just read his entire speech, and frankly it was boring.  But it did not say any of this falsehood above.  Shame on the people spreading these lies.  They will have to answer for it some day.\nNow wonder the pope is saying so, he is the little horn described in Daniel 7:25 and he should be careful in dealing with God. How can man change the word written by the hands of God?\nYep, No one can change the Words of YHVH which He Himself spoke and wrote with FIRE.  [  Psalm 12:6 The words of the YHVH are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified SEVEN times.]   HalleluYAH to the LIVING WORD for ETERNITY.\nHis (TORAH=WORDS] can NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, be changed by an earthly being or even by an angel from Heaven and to those who change it .. its Anathema to them.\nChill out, theres no god anyway, and the hallelujah nonsense you just wrote is sufficient proof even you are not a true believer, as you need to adorn what you first said with some happy nonsense. It is in the Bible that when you say yes it should be yes, and when you say no it should be no. Theres no need for shouting and using capital letters or adding some nonsensical words one does not even understand. Thats just make-believe like the rest of Christianity\nFirst of all you are a ignorant fool to say that there is no God   [ Psalm 14:1 & 53:1-The FOOL says in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, and their ways are VILE; there is no one who does good.]    There you go, now open your eyed wide and read how well the Scripture suits you.\nNext: .. How can you know the meaning of Halleluyah when you are a harlot following the whore of Babylon?  Your doom also will be in one hour along with the whore  good riddance to bad rubbish.\nNext: .. You are a moron, in the very first line of your comment you say there is no god then you quote: It is in the Bible that when you say yes it should be yes, and when you say no it should be no. .. So if you do not believe there is God, then how come you quote Gods Scripture?\nNext:  .. you quote: Theres no need for shouting and using capital letters or adding some nonsensical words one does not even understand. Thats just make-believe like the rest of Christianity.\nWOW! I did not know that you can hear written words that actually shout, maybe the Scriptures I quoted are ringing in your ears so loud that they are making you deaf  So since you are already blind to the Word of God, now may God make you deaf and dumb till your fiery end comes.\nBtw, how will you understand the Bible if you are a perfect Zombie?  As for Christianity dont tell me about them, go after them for I am not Christian.\nLearn to write some good English before you  try to comment again you DUNCE.  In fact, you should go to the beach, bury your head in the sand and just stay that way till doom comes and takes you away. IDIOT!!\nAs I said, you need to chill out. Your idol, if he existed, would agree with me, for Matthew 11.29 says Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. That said, I dont quote from the Bible because I give any shit about it, but because I am writing to someone who does. The Bible has no authority by itself, but I do concede that it is quite a remarkable device of thought control made by MEN. Its a mistake on your part to quote the scripture to convince me of anything. My intelligence is limited but Im not a fool, and my ways are not perfect but they still are not as vile and rotten as your argumentative skills (vile for the insults and rotten for the dullness of your comments).\nSo since you are already blind to the Word of God, now may God make you deaf and dumb till your fiery end comes.\nFortunately the god of love is not here to read how you practise his love, how you indulge in imagining the tragic end of another human being like yourself. If I believed in god I would be praying for you. Instead you brag about your idol and his book, and thats bad enough, but theres something even worse: its clear me that you feel that somehow you are better than me, just because you believe, and you even feel proud about it. But if you were a real Christian you would acknowledge that whatever you have better than the rest of humanity, actually comes from your hero and belongs to him. You would feel thankful about it, and not entitled to a purported superiority that has been borrowed to you. For this I really feel sorry for you, someone who brags about what you dont possess, and who deep inside knows that you are a hypocrite just like those of whom your hero said You serpents, you brood of vipers! Anyway dont worry, for I dont take your comments to heart, just like I dont run into shit when I see it, but rather avoid it.\nAnd regarding my level of English: though I obviously am not a native speaker of English, but my level is good enough to be here. Languages are just tools for people to express, and although your English skills may be better than mine, unfortunately you dont seem to have much worthy of sharing, other than hate and ignorance.\nThe Catholics believe that the Pope can speak the word of God infallibly in matters of faith.  If you think that the hand of God was actually the one that wrote etched the first 10 then you are without theological understanding. The first 10 rules were written 4,000 years ago. God is ever-present and is present today for the people of the 21st Century, and this may well be the true word of God.\nGod is the same today as he was yesterday..God bows not change , nether his laws.MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOULS\nNor can any preacher or minister. We all need a base of belief, BUT we all know what is expected from each of us on this journey called life.  We do not need to be preached to or believe that the bible has not been watered down through life.. Come on people we all know the truth and the way to meet our maker when the time comes.   I get so frustrated with all these people that preach their religion.  I dont advertise my beliefs, dont advertise yours.  You do not need to convince me, convince yourself.  There are so many faiths that have popped up in the last 50-75 years it is crazy.\nStephen Mansfield wrote the book Pope Benedict XVI  His Life and Mission  by Stephen Mansfield.\nStephen Mansfield had several quotes from the Holy Father, and now we see his successor, (whom Stephen also praised) is carrying on this mission.  The missson to make us all one.  Where there is no difference between male/female, black/white, but all of Gods children will be free at last.  That is what makes Obama such a great man and President as well.  Stephen Mansfield has taken much criticism also for writing a book prior to Obamas election titled the faith of Barack Obama.  Stephen has stated numerous times that our President is a Christian.  We need to learn to listen to men of stature such as Stephen Mansfield.  We are in such a blessed nation, and should be as grateful for such a President as Obama, and for a great world leader as the POPE.  Now the POPE is going to fix his Bible, and get it to say honor your parents, and NOT HONOR YOUR FATHER & MOTHER.\nIt is so good to see the Unity coming about all over the world!!!\nPraises!!\nHow about they put back the one they removed instead.  Jesus tells us expressly not to add or remove anything from The Word\nPeople often overlook how Jesus changed not only the words but the sense of the 10 Commandments. The greatest commandmenmt, Jesus proclaimed, is to love God with all ones heart, mind and soul. The second IS LIKE UNTO IT: love thy neighbor as thyself. A 3rd, before His ascension, A new commandment I give you: love one another. If you love one another, others WILL KNOW YOU ARE MY DISCIPLES\nJesus didnt change the words of the 10 Commandments.. He summed it up, not changed it.. To love God with all your heart, mind, and soul covers the first 4 commandments, and to love thy neighbor like thyself are the last 6 commandments.  Read it in Exodus\nAm I reading correctly, that the Pope really does want to re-write the Ten Commandments, or is it something created by a supermarket tabloid akin to President Obama has a closed room interview with Bat Boy? Just seems too sensational to actually comprehend.\nTheres no doubt you are a shill, how much are you being paid .. 5cents for every comment to bash people on the blogs?  \nYou are a complete CRETIN, RETARD (There, I wrote it in CAPS).  You say there is no God and then you quote His Scriptures, only a very insane person can do that.  You ought to be in a mental hospital what are you doing on this blog IDIOT.\nYou are talking about Love? What a joke haha!  You hardly know the meaning of Love,  I sense where you are coming from, the proud nation where there is too much worldly love, the world can see what is happening now and the Wrath of the Almighty is descending slowing and suddenly it will overtake you all.  \nYou expect me to show you love after BLASPHEMING the Holy One of Israel?  Get this straight into that green/brown matter that is behind your ears  I am a DEFENDER of the TORAH of the Holy One of Israel and I dont give darn about love for any person/s that blasphemes Him,  may their names and yours be blotted out of His book of Life.\nThe good seed of this Earth do not blaspheme Him whether they are Catholics, Christians, Muslims, or any people of any religion but they do show reverence to Him but there is the evil seed, the seed of satan (you are one of them) that blaspheme His Majesty and for that you will get a FIERY whipping on your butt for He is returning soon, very soon, whether you believe or not I couldnt care a darn.  Once again, open your eyes wide now and read the following Scripture and SINK it deep into that green/brown matter (your pea-brain):\nRevelation 16:18 (Behold, I am coming like a thief! Blessed is the one who stays awake, keeping his garments on, that he may not go about naked and be seen exposed!).\nLast Warning: WAKE UP to the Truth.  REPENT otherwise you will be grilled on satans fork in the LAKE OF FIRE for eternity with the rest of the wicked and useless ones on this Earth.\nNow go take a hike, get lost, for I am not going to waste my precious time responding to you a complete imbecile.\nwritten by the hands of moses you mean divinely inspired by god to write the ten commandments whats diffrent? moses just came out of the blue with these commandments given to him by god anyways this article seems like fake to me cant find any reliable sources on it.\nIn the Bible, the Book of Daniel, it implicitly states that the Antichrist will arise from the Middle East. This notion of him coming loout of Europe is a recent doctine, & is incorrect\nHe who speaks this way is not a servant of God. He is Jezebel, a false prophetess as said in revelation chapter 3 regarding the church in Thyatira which signifies the Catholic Church. The New Testament believers do not live by the old covenant, an outward law of Ten Commandments. They live by the new covenant, that is the eternal life, the divine life, the incorruptible life received on the day of our regeneration. The new covenant is God putting His laws into our inward being and writing it on our heart that we may know Him from the least to the greatest that know one will teach us to know Him. The divine life has the divine law which the apostle Paul call the law of the Spirit of life which has freed the New Testament believers from the law of sin and death. This law of the Spirit of life fulfils all the righteous requirements of Gods law. Romans 8: 2-4. If we walk in the spirit we will not fulfil the desires of the flesh. Galation 5:16.\nI dont quite see why. That some lunatic starts rehashing the old and dusty letter of some awfully written fantasy book doesnt mean much. Luther before them, and Aquinas and Augustine before him, and the Evangelists before them, and the priests of pretty much every religion out there similarly talking rubbish all the time.\nLeo. For one who does not believe that there is a God  so much so that you refer to Him in almost derogatory terms  I am amazed by your persistent interest in this discussion. Given your strong argumentative skills and impressive knowledge and understanding of the Bible, you sound like someone with a deep yearning for a purpose for your life, and are just disappointed that the ones who should be helping you find the answers are failing you. You might think that you are provoking and deriding this bunch of fools who believe in an idol/hero and an ancient book written by man to control the minds of his fellowman, but I see you as a very intuitive individual seeking for truth and a reason to believe. Keep up the quest, my fellow journeyman  I am praying for you.\nI feel sure that most Catholics at this point wish this supposed Pope would go away.  He definitely is not a man of G-d.  Who but a false prophet would even suggest changing G-ds very words.  This truly makes me sick!\nDear Friend Leo.Jesus is real and the Holy Spirit is real aswell as God the Father.you are a very intellegent person, and I know one day soon you will be on your knees accepting Jesus as your saviour.not because any one will force you, but out of your own free will.Jesus loves youforever and a day.Stay Blessed!\nGOD CANNOT GIVE INSTRUCTIONS TO REVISE WHAT HE HAS REPEALED. THE TEN COMMANDMENTS NO LONGER EXIST. GOD FAULTED IT AND CHANGED IT.\nSee 2 Corinthians 3:7-13 But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away: 8 How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious? 9 For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory. 10 For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth. 11 For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious. 12 Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech: 13 And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished.\nAnd Hebrews 8: 7-13 For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second. 8 For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah: 9 Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord. 10 For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people: 11 And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest. 12 For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more. 13 In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.\nI respectfully submit that what was abolished in the verses quoted were the laws of Moses, with all their rules and regulations concerning animal sacrifices, etc., which was replaced by Jesus dying on a cross to be the Lamb of God that takes away the sins of the world. Thats why the vail of the temple was torn in two from top to bottom at the death of Jesus, bringing an end to animal sacrifice. The Ten Commandments, on the other hand, are perfect and eternal according to the Bible.\nAnd the 10 commandments are the very nature of God summed up in the 2 commandments that Jesus gave, for if you keep the 2 comandments Jesus gave , you will not break & you will fulfill the 10 commandments. Though if you are trying to get to heaven by keeping the law, then you have fallen from grace. (see Rom. 3:28 & Gal. 5:4) For we are saved by grace not by works , lest any man should boast. (Eph. 2:8,9) Having said that If we walk in the Spirit, the Holy Spirit will help us by the grace of God to be obedient & walk in Gods Ways. And Leo DO NOT speak against the Holy Spirit , for that is the only sin that can never be forgiven! My friend instead of blaspheming God if I were you , I would pray & ask God to reveal Himself to you. At least give yourself a chance instead of cursing yourself forever!\nCovenant and Commandment are two different things. Covenant is a promise from God to the Jewish people. The Commandments are Rules/Laws that were given so that the Jews at that time so they would know how to obey God. The Commandments were set in stone tablets and put inside of the Arc of the Covenant to be preserved for all time as commanded by God Himself. These 10 Commandments are what all law is based on, even till today. It was and is never meant to be changed or altered.\nApparently the Law of God is not so perfect as Psalm 19:7, Acts 22:3 and James 1:25 would have us believe. If the Commandment prohibiting adultery and, among other things, homosexuality, has been removed entirely, as instructed by God, in order to extend Gods grace to all His children, then it would appear that God has some serious explaining to do for the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. And, to a God who changes his mind so drastically, someone should ask what he meant in Malachi 3:6 when he said that he does not change. Further, it would seem that God did not mean the stern warnings in Revelation 22:18,19 about changing the words in that Holy Bookadding to, or taking awaywhich carry severe punishments for doing so. And we should reconsider the words of Peter, the first pope, when he stated in Acts 5:29, We ought to obey God rather than men.\nA consistent Bible on one hand, a change-with-the-times pope on the other. He said it himself that the world is faced with ever-increasing temptations brought on by the evils of modern society. So we change the perfect Law of God so we can keep on sinning? Come on! It was the Apostle Paul who wrote, What shall we say, then? Shall we go on sinning so that grace may increase? By no means! (Romans 6:1) and, What shall we say, then? Is the law sinful? Certainly not! Nevertheless, I would not have known what sin was had it not been for the law. For I would not have known what coveting really was if the law had not said, You shall not covet. (Romans 7:7)\nThere is only one prophesy concerning the changing of Gods Law by man Daniel 7, He will speak against the Most High and oppress his holy people and try to change the set times and the laws. There is only one authority on earth that claims that power. They can only be one and the same. Revelation 13 speaks of the Mark of The Beast in the forehead or hand. Likewise, Moses said of the Ten Commandments, This observance will be for you like a SIGN on your HAND and a reminder on your FOREHEAD. (Exodus 13:9) The Mark of The Beast is also a sign for those who obey the changed commandments of the Beast Power.\nWe can argue until for a long time. Whatever you have said seems true. However know this; the catholic church believes is above the Bible so they can add to it or subtract from it. Thats the genesis of the present changes and are not final. Have they added to the Bible in history? Yes.  The non canonical books addeded to the old testament(macabbeestobias and the rest). These books are not accepted by the Jews as part of Gods inspired writing , but to the catholic church they are. The climax is coming\nThis has to be a joke, right? The end times are so near. If one does not know God, now is the time to seek Him whole heartedly! Surrender your all to Him.\nDo you people not understand that this report is a hoax, that the report is meant to get a laugh,  and that the Pope said no such thing?  Just look at the list of recent articles below.  From the comments, apparently there are people on this site who are gullible enough top believe this stuff. Shame on this websiteyou may think you are very funny, but you are obviously fanning the flames of sectarian hatred.  This is the exception to free speech, like crying fire in a crowded theater.\n/Users/lucianturlea/Desktop/Apostolic Journey  Ecuador: Holy Mass at Samanes Park (Guayaquil, 6 July 2015) | Francis.pdf This is the real report of the mass. It does not contains anything of those supposed changes. It is a big hoax.\nTo the writer of the article. Honor thy father & thy mother is the FIFTH Commandment. The fourth is the command to honor the Sabbath & keep it holy\nNot in the Roman Catholics Bible they did away with the second commandment bumped everything else up one and split the 10th to still maintain Ten Commandments\nGod definitely has not changed; He was the same yesterday, today and forever. The laws were the same then and are still the same now, WE as in all mankind, including the pope must be the ones to change for God!!! Not trying to alter the law of God to suit our sinful life to make us feel better about living in sin. How would one know and understand what is right from wrong if one believes to continually change and alter what is right; you cannot mix truth with a little wrong; it then becomes void and false. Jesus came into this world and lived a life of constant temptation to prove that all temptation is possible to overcome, and living by the commandments is again POSSIBLE!! Was not Sodom and Gomorrah similar to the this day and age we live in today? Were the temptations of adultery and same-sex involvement relevant today as it was then, drug abuse, idolatry, coveting, murder etc; The commandments are as relevant then as it is now, like they say history repeats itself, why not CHANGE history for once by living by the law of God and God only?!\nGet a grip This was satirical Plus, other than in the bible written by men and not by an Almighty God, where is the historical evidence of a Sodom and Gomorrah existing\nI have heard it all now!  Gods Word Holy inspired is not up for debate.  The scriptures were holy and inspired by GOD not a god.  I would not want to be in the shoes of anyone including the Pope who thinks they can change Gods inspired Word to make it seemingly fit those who choose to live a lifestyle that is in opposition to what Gods Word states.\nHe is wrong to eliminate the sins of adultery. We are not to engage in intimacy unless we are married. The basis of this is to be without sin. We are to be blameless in the eyes of God because He is a purely holy God. And we can not debase ourselves to corruption when we go to our judgement. This is why it is necessary to struggle the struggle of holiness. Because it simply will be impossible to go before Gods judgement unless we are Holy. While Jesus can forgive us. True forgiveness only comes from true repentance. Which mean we reject sinning as a way of life. This is also why homosexual marriage is an impossible path. Because it sets one on a wide road of a corrupt life. One can be a homosexual and forgiven. But as Pope John Paul II. As Christians we must hate the sin but love the sinner.   Thus since Francis is teaching immorality as the head of the Catholic church.it can only be that he is a false Pope. Once this is brought to light then it is wise to be cautious and weary of his teaching. This has never happened in the history of the Church. But if he continues to teach errors he will qualify as being one who is the blind leading the blind. As a devout Catholic myself I am very troubled by this man. He has had several instances of teaching contradictory ideas that fly in the face of living a righteous life.\nAdultery or to  Adulterate means to change YHVH god created the races and we are not to play god and create our own. Adultery means to race mix not what the lying pulpit has deceived us into perceiving. One needs to get a good concordance and look up the meaning of the words.\nIm not a religious person but I do admire this Pope.  However, I cant begin to imagine that he, or anybody else, has the right to alter what is supposed to be Gods words.  The trouble is that the Bible has been re-written and edited many times over nearly 2,000 years and with every re-write some words have been changed, in some cases altering meanings, added or omitted to fit the mood of the editor.  Just compare the latest modern version against one written in, say, 1700.  There are some astonishing differences.  \nAll I have said is assuming the report is factual, not a hoax.  I find it strange that it hasnt been flooded across the media and consequently Im not too sure about believing it.\nthe world is coming to an end, the sign for the coming of man have started already. be careful, the God cant change his word\nI am going to sue this website for false information. Wait for the legal notice. Pope Francis never said anything what youvhave mentioned above. This is bad and misleading\nBeware of a man who claims to change what God has ordained, the pope or the U.S. Supreme Courtno would they make a good pairoh wait what does the Bible say about that?\nAfter looking at some of these comments all I can say is folk, stop picking on each other like Satan wants you to. Character assassination is the tool of the weak argument. Direct your energies to lifting Jesus up for the Lord is coming in judgment to set things straight.\nIt seems either the pope or the writers of this foolishness dont even KNOW the 10 Commandments because the 4th one pertains to the keeping of the Sabbath ( NEVER CHANGED) from sundown fri to sundown sat. The earliest popes tried to change it physically ( as prophesiesed by Daniel in chapter 7 vs 25), but Adonai (God) will NEVER ALLOW a mere man pope or otherwise to change HIS word.\n  You may want to tell Francis that and remind him that we are ONLY spoken to through the Bible and IF we are TRULY BORN AGAIN, he CLEARLY is NOT, going by his foolish statements. Remind him of Revelations chapter 22 vs 18 to 20. Francis is already said he is going to resign also ( like Ratzinger), this will make way for the son of perdition in 2 Thessalonians chapter 2. Let Francis just concentrate on that ( as the last pope), the antichrist is waiting in the wings for his cue all going EXACTLY to plan and the Bibles prophesy.\nTHESE are the lying signs and wonders that Yeshua (aka Christ) is talking about he mentions it will try to deceive, if it were possible, even the very elect. Howcome this is not on the national news in countries where he (pope) is ( foolishly) revered, almost in place of our TRUE MESSIAH.\n  As the Poms say load of bollocks\nWhy would a God who is the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow change his word. In this world, God and His word are the only steady things. And The Bible also says not to add to it or take away from it, so really, on whose authority is he REALLY doing this?\nThis is fake people, this guy is just doing a social experiment to see how much sectarian clickbait he can generate and you are all foolishly falling for it. Embarassing. Personally as a Catholic I am much less offended at the (fake) article than I am at those whose foolishness in believing this will just lead more people to think that those who are religious are not too bright\n18 I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: if anyone adds to them, God will add to him the plagues which are written in this book; 19 and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God will take away his part from the tree of life and from the holy city, which are written in this book.\nThere are many foolsin This world..Solider4yeshua refrain from throwing those very precious pearls before swines..They cant hear His voice..because they are not of His sheep..His sheep  KNOW His voice..Ah-mein Ah-mein!  Berakhah!\nIt takes a faith to believe in the Creator God. And He has given this to us, but rejecting it. Natures stares at us proving that He is there. Not Evolution. We must be all blind if we dont see them and the sense of it. Blind leading the blind. The 10 commandments are eternal coz it was written by the hand of God himself. Jesus just summarised it into 2 for one time and very clear the 1-4 is our duty to God and 5-10 is for our fellowmen. No such thing as 11th or so. The first beast and the second beast are already in trouble with God. We dont want to be a part of these abominations. Its judgment time and probation is closing. Jesus Christ our redeemer will bring His reward. Whoever endures all these and keep all His commandments and faithful to our Lord Jesus, will be saved.\nWhose side are you? Revelation reveals that there is an end to Satan and His followers. God loves all but hates sins. Our God is a living God of Love, Justice, and Judgment. He said vengeance is mine.\nThe old Babylon, which is the first beast is exercising his power  and will empower the second beast as said in Revelation, till all the peoples are marked, the mark of satan , the devil, the old serpent as said in the beginning, previously, the name was Lucifer, the fallen angel. Beware not to be marked, as a warning from God. If peoples follow the beasts, and were marked, they can buy and sell. Just watch the rapid events that will take place, the abomination of desolation will even sit in the Holy Temple and declare that He is God. Come Lord Jesus , come quickly for the abominations are great in the lands.\nNo complaints! He is not editing the law of God but the catholic law. In Gods commandment the fourth never records honoring parents but keeping the Seventh day of the week holy. He just trying to blindfold us never to question the issue of the Sabbath. He even cant change Gods law. He can only THINK to change. The law of God can not change. That calls for recreating the new heaven and new earth, and the present must pass away.\nYou lying sack of garbage!!!!!!!!!!\nThe pope never said any of this and any of the commenters here who believe he did are brain dead morons.\nThe pope NEVER said God instructed him to rewrite the 10 commandments. Never said to eliminate the 7th commandment.\nI get it. The author is a right wing hate filled zealot who doesnt like the popes compassion and love for people.\nBut understand that God will hold you accountable for crap like this.\nFACT the pope does NOT support same sex marriage and DOES believe gay sex is a sin. However he will NOT tell gay people they will burn in hell.\nHow dare you!!\nJesus taught about love and compassion for all people, including those dubbed sinners by society.\nYes, God will judge sin. But here is the news flash  we are all sinners. But we all can find forgivenes through Jesus Christ.\nBut faith in Jesus and the work of God the father has NOTHING to do with politics. Politics is a cesspool of evil. The left and the right are equally sinister.\nSo no, this pope is not politically conservative  too bad.!! Suck it up buttercup!!\nStick to politics and leave matters of faith to actual Christians.\nDo not be quick to believe this news. It could be a hoax to deceive the nations. Just wait for further news from the vatican\nI found the story about the Pope on freerepublic.com under POLITICAL HUMOR (satire). It was intended to be a joke. I think its very sad how easily so called christians are fooled into believing sensationalized stories. Just do a youtube search and take notice of the pastors who are teaching a lie as if it were the truth. JESUS prayed to our FATHER in John Chapter 17 May they be one as we are one. Why do we christians have such a great desire to dishonor and disrespect that prayer for unity. Devil aka diablo aka diabolos is the Greek word for scatterer. He continues to complete the mission. With about 44 thousand different denominations each preaching a different message and ripping each others theologies apart then condemning one another to hell especially condemning the Roman Catholics. No wonder why the athiest conferences are selling out stadiums. The world is sick of the hipocritical Christianity. A fine job indeed the evil one is doing to divide and conquer. Pray for our country.The persecution is here.\nThe Ten Commandments were for a reason cast in stone and to rewrite them would mean breaking the tablets of stone or defacing them. The Pope may have been misquoted because he knows he cannot undo what God wrote with His own hand!\nThis is prophecy been fulfill.  Daniel 7:25, Ps 111: 7,8 Gods commandments are heavens eternal code of conduct which stands forever. God said he change not. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. (Mat 24:35).  Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled (Mat 5:18). It is easier for heaven and earth to pass than one tittle of the law to fail (Luke16:17). Our heavenly high Priest (Jesus) is able to save to the uttermost all who come to God through Him(Heb 7:24,25)\nHumanity has been enjoying Gods grace over the years without the help of any Pope modifying His Holy Word. I dont see any reason why one should think of helping God by altering His Word now.\nThe Catholic Church has officially entrenched itself in apostasy. May God help all those caught up in this cult escape and find the truth in a true Christian church.\nLong has it been taught by Family Radio, Ebible fellowship and Bible Ministries International that the churches are under judgment. This is not surprising in the least bit to hear about the pope trying to change the Bible.\n    God had finished using the Churches and congregations as of May 21, 1988 and began to judge them, he removed his holy spirit from the churches. His elect were commanded to flee. Now as of May 21, 2011 God has brought judgment upon the whole world. Man has been given up to their sins.\nIt was said:He shall think of changing the times and the laws. Look! He changed 4th commandment Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday. He removed the 2nd commandment about idol worship entirely and split the 10th commandment into 2 commandments to make sure the number remains 10. Now I think this is the climax of the signs of His coming. The good news is that what I have written the Pope accepts. Let those that read watch out. Read Rev 22:18-22\nPeople wake up the time is short. This is true the false prophet changed the 10 commandments. They removed the 4 the SABBATH DAY ,Sunday isnt the 7 th day. The first day (1) of the week. I will continue to serve my SABBATH DAY GODS DAY\nALL of the Reformation Reformers, many whom were put to death by burning alive at the stake, for heresy, perhaps for this heresy they aught to burn themselves!\n Pope Leo XII : We hold upon this earth the place of God Almighty!\nNow Read 2 Thess. 2 and Revelation 13:2. for an eye opener!\nhttp://www.servantsite@wordpress.com\nWe will be put to death, put in prison. One thing you have to know you will receive the crown of life.\nHe is not right!!!  GOD DOES NOT CHANGE!  God says of himself, For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. Malachi 3:6\nGod is not a man, that He should lie, nor a son of man, that He should change His mind. Does He speak and then not act? Does He promise and not fulfill?  Numbers 3:19\nGod says of his law, Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish [ought] from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you.  Deuteronomy 4:2\n What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt not add thereto, nor diminish from it.  Deuteronomy 12:32\nGods warning about false prophets trying to lead you astray,\nThou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for the LORD your God proveth you, to know whether ye love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.  Deuteronomy 13:4\nThe only people that will be deceived by the Pope are the ones that are already deceived, the ones unfamiliar with Gods commands. Take heed!\nlouande, I agree on your quote: The only people that will be deceived by the Pope are the ones that are already deceived, the ones unfamiliar with Gods commands. Take heed! \nGlory to the Lord Jesus revelation 22v18 God bless you what pope is saying is deceiving the world but Jesus already warned us so we must meditate on the word of God  and Holy spirit will give us revelation thats the difference Catholic need holyghost baptism like john 3 (Nicodemus) only from the priest alone.The blood of Jesus is sufficient yesterday and today and forever glory watch and pray in the mighty name of Jesus\nThe word of God never changed and never will.\nGod predicted about this false prophets before. There is no surprise for me\nIf you just look at  Gods word  it speaks for itself.we have more than enough to live up to besides adding on to whats already established.\nOur God never changes. I tell you that not even a jot shall be removed or added to the lawJesus sayings.\nRevelations 22 vs 18-19 says that whoever add information to the bible, he will receive plagues written in the Book and if one subtracts from the Book then he is also subtracted from the Book of life.\nIt seems that this story is not making headlines anywhere else. And in some alternative news sites, this story has been pulled.\nMany (if not most) of the internet readers find that this site provides satirical news. Unfortunately, I have to go correct some comments Ive made regarding this article.\nGod said, no words will be added or taken out or changed in the Bible in any way or form. Ill stick to that.\nGod, please forgive them for they know not what they do, Amen.\nwhat if they do know what they are doing.  makes me glad He know the end and how we are going to get there.  worry about nothing pray about everything.\nHonesty is not enough If Im Driving North instead of South to go to my destination, being honest is not going to take me to my destination\nThis is the dumbest thing I have read. Our world is becoming more and more sinful. Now, we cant even trust our religious leaders.\nSeriously, people. This is joke news, and you all are eating it up. You probably dont even realize how many are reading your comments for amusement. Do some fact checking. Find another source. Dont be so foolish as to believe that anything you read on the Internet is true. Ahh Whats the use? I guess I got trolled as much as the rest of you. \nThis isnt a joke. Dont be surprised . It will be to late. DANIEL 7 :25  revelation 13:1-8.please read it. Check out Walter Veith ministry. Type his name  you will find him. Iisten to his sermons he was Catholic. May God bless you\nI pray that people will open their eyes and wake up. Jesus Christ is coming soon. It want be long. We cant remove God word. God  given Moses the 10 commandments. I will stay true to the word of God. Even if I have to die. Everybody that die for the Lord they will receive the crown of life.Stay obedient to God. I will stay obedient. I will serve God and no man.\nYou people are all idiots.always with the fucking end times! you do all realize that this article is fiction, right? Oh my god..I mean do you even maybe once not believe everything you see and do the tiniest amount of fact checking?\nBut noYou see a few phrases, and you all lose your shit, the subconscious fears come out and bam! just like animals, its just pure emotional reaction. Think for yourselves peoplefor humanitys fucking sake! use your god given reason and resist the appeal to emotion. Step outside of your normal day to day thinking and ask, really? Do I really fucking believe that?\nAnd if you truely didnt believe in End Times, ask yourself, why is changing these Ten Commandments so important to the Pope and Catholic Church?\nWhy would God use a Pope who sits above the world n proclaims to be God himself aint that a blasphemy n beside God doesnt change n whatever changes happened in the OT they are well explained in NT.let not allow Satan to blind our mindswe should serve God n beware of the Antichrist.\nFunny. Religion is still trying to find relevance even though it has overseen the suffering of millions of people throughout the ages. The atrocities that have occurred in the name of one god or the other are proof that religion is a poisonous thing. Let the pope change the commandments all he wants. It affects those that believe in them in the first place.\nThe word of the Lord has to be fulfilled and so when the foundations are shaken what will the righteous do? Read the word of God carefully, be BIBLE must not be changed whatsoever.\nThe Sunday law is 666. The beast. Gods law will be charged . I pray I will receive the Seal of the Lord. The Sabbath day.\nGod gave these commandments to Israelite, why he would use the pope who is the head of Catholic church to amend. The bible clearly says that you shall not the written word of God. My last respect I had for this faith is also gone.\nAs an Eastern Orthodox Christian, Im ashamed both at and for the Catholic Church, that they believe they are equal to that of God, and our Lord and savior Jesus Christ.\nThe original 5th commandment is not\nAdultery it is based upon honor to parents. Before one makes a change\nTo Gods laws he might want to consider the scripture,  you shall not add onto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish aught from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the Lord your God\nWhich I command you. Deut.4:2\nThe word of God is true. You can not remove anything from God. We have to obey all HIS commandments included Gods Sabbath day.\nApparently this is not true according to a rebuttal http://www.truthorfiction.com/pope-francis-god-has-instructed-me-to-revise-the-10-commandments/ claiming that this website is known for posting false information. Has anyone got further evidence to back this up? Just perhaps the pope and his administration are trying to cover this up, but I need to be sure.\nGod said in the Bible that nothing should be added or removed or changed. No mortal being can change laws in the Bible.\nhey\nthis man is insane,what of those people whose faith was measured by commandments received by Moses? i think pope Francis commandments are from water world and they are just been fused into Gods commandments not by the authority of God\npopes mission will be incomplete if he cant  take with him to hell.\nDO NOT BE DECEIVED  HE IS THE ANT-CHRIST\nMy friends if you dont believe that this is true and that this is for real, the fulfillment of Gods word;\nthen you are not for real and will be deceived by the plans of the anti-Christ and satan himself. Please take heed and make it your business to check out the Bible and I prayer that the Grace of Almighty God will help you to understand. God Loves You!!!\nSigns of endtime are more obvious now than ever; those of us that are conversant with the Bible didnt get disgusting story as a shocker. We were forewarned to disregard the likes of Pope Frances because they clearly represents Satan here on earth. To brethren in Christ around the world, what shall seperate us from. the love of God through Christ Jesus?  Neither depth nor height nor principalities no powers in high places, nor sword nor pope nor obama nor gay right law by US supreme court nor ISIS nor natural disaster can. For we are more than conqueror in Christ Jesus. Amen\nPope Frances is the most dumb pope of all time. God is not a man; let God arise and let His enemies be scartered. Amen\nConcerning the proclamation that was made by the Pioneer Roman Catholic Pope , may Christians worldwide not be deceived as the Bible is clear concerning all forms of sexual perversion ;\n1Corinthians 6:9 Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived. Neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites,\nSo how then can a new commandment be made to accomodate homosexuals and lesbians only to include a new law on geneticaly modified food which he calls an abomimation.  This is the same man who announced his intention to resign citing that there was No God so by which God did he receive this instruction to meddle with the Holy Commandments of Jehovah which He by His hand inscribed on rock how then can a mere sculpter be commissioned to rewrite the commandments? .\n Can Jehovahs laws be altered to accomodate sin in a modern era? NO!! the Bible answers this question Matthew 5:18-19 For assuredly, I say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one tittle will by no means pass from the law till all is fulfilled. Whoever therefore breaks one of the least of these commandments, and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but whoever does and teaches them, he shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.\nMay we pray without ceasing and be mindful of the spirit of the Anti-Christ.\nShalom!!\n~Sir Alvin Newman\nChristian Citizen Initiative\nWhile I think we should all be careful because the confusion are coming from the angle no one is expecting, but this pop Francis own is getting too much.is he second Obama? Catholic church members should be careful,\nAll of you bashing the Pope and the Catholic Church, have you taken time to make a search from the Vatican if what you are bashing the man was actually said by him. Please cross-check the issue. I dont believe it,.\nRevelation 22:18-19\nMay the plagues that are mentioned in the Bible be upon his head..and may the name of the Lord God be magnified\nI  wanted2 say there is nothing like right in tc not2 like it!surely pple ar joking around wt da Most high God&His holy everlasting covenant which stands unchangeable forever no more no less wen Jesus said heaven&earth wl pass away bt ma words wl not pass away how comes ten commandments pass away then come 11 changed commandments? we were warned by Jesus in Matt24:24-b watchful false prophets\nThe god of the Pope must be not the Living God of Israel because the God of Israel changes not.He says so in His word. The Living God required holiness during the exodus.and He will not change today .because of technology. As Joshua saidtoday you choose the god you will serve but as for me and my house ,we will serve the Lord. Homosexuality is condemned in the Old testament and the new testament. It is disgust before the Lord. Read the Bible people.so that you are not swayed by simple lies whose answers are in the word given to us by GOD .\nThis story is not true. We have to remember, though, that the Pope DID change the Ten Commandments. Daniel 7:25 makes it clear that that is the Antichrist. Maybe this new story makes fun of it, but it isnt that he is changing it but that he ALREADY DID change it so he thinks. Back in Constantines time, they changed the fourth commandment about keeping the 7th day and made the third commandment about keeping the 1st day holy. Of course we know, Gods law does not change it is written in stone.\nJesus himself who is the Lord of lords and the King of kings said that he never came delete or add even an iota from the law yet he is the Son of God,then who is pope to do that? An abomination of desolation spoken of by prophet Daniel has now been clearly revealed. Let the wise church flee for her safety. End time prophecy being fulfilled in our own eyes. Prepare in total holiness for the Lord Jesus is coming any moment from this hour.\nThis isnt fake its all true. The revelation are fulfilled right before our eyes. Our Lord Jesus Christ is coming soon. We are seeing that the Antichrist doing the work. Satan is deceitful. The sunday law will be in fulfilling soon. May God touch your heart.\nWho is the reported that wrote this and when exactly did pope frances state these things?  It would be nice to have more concrete evidence of the story.\nThis just proves how true the bible is,coz JESUS warns us in mathew 24 about the signs of the end times,the bible says that it will be easier to take away heaven n earth than for the word of GOD to be removed.those who are looking for a cannal religion that gratifys the desires of this sin ful nature are exited, but let me remind us that pope has no heaven to his name to take anyone including himself n he will pass through the same judgement sit like all of us n heaven is on GODS term n its constitution is the pure unaldulterated word of GOD  as handed down to us through the HOLY SPIRIT.watch out pope wont be your advocate JESUS is.when the day of reconning comes,it will be you vrs GOD not you vrs pope.\nRead also Revelation 13 and Daniel 7: 25. This battle is between GOD and Satan. It started in the garden. God has His final word. The pope is a false prophet. Antichrist is the papacy\nHOW CAN ANYONE BELIEVE THESE LIES. ONLY IF THEY ARE DECEIVED & BLINDED BY SATAN, THE DEVIL OR LUCIFERS PROVERTED REPRESENTATIVE, FROM RECEIVING THE LOVE OF THE TRUTH, THAT THEY MIGHT BE SAVED.  IF THE BLIND LEAD THE BLIND WILL THEY NOT BOTH FALL INTO THE DITCH? THE MAN OF SIN OR THE SON OF PERDITION ARE ONE IN THE SAME & THAT IS NONE OTHER THAN THE POPE  HIMSELF.\nWHEN GOOD MEN DOES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, THEN ALL THE WRONGS BECOME RIGHT IN THE SIGHT OF THE PEOPLE, WHEN THEY ARE MISLEAD & DECEIVED BY A SO-CALED MAN OF GOD, WHICH THE WORLD HAS NOW FULLY EMBRACED & GONE BLINDLY AFTER, NOT KNOWING THAT THEY ARE DOING SO TO THEIR OWN PERSONAL DESTRUCTION. THE ONE TUE GOD DOES NOT NEED ANYONE TAKING THE PLACE OF HIS ONLY BEGOTTEN SON {OUR LORD & SAVIOUR JESUS CHRIST} BETTER KNOWN AS THE VICKER OR BISHOP OF ROME.\nSATAN PLAN IS NOW ALMOST COMPLETE, JUST LIKE THE PLAN OF ALMIGHJTY JEHOVAH GOD IS. FOR THE TIME OF THE END IS NIGH {NEAR},  AND IT IS EVEN AT THE DOORS. MATTHEW 24:33 & MARK 13:29\nFOR ALL THAT SHALL READ THIS, MAY THE LORD GOD OF ABRAHAM, ISAAC, & JACOB OR ISRAEL GRANT THAT HYE WAKE UP & SMELL THE COFFEE FRAGRANCE OF THE GOSPEL TRUTH, ERR IT BE TOO LATE TO REPENT BEFORE AMERICA IS COMSUMED BY THE FIREY ATOMIC MISSLES FALLING DOWN UPON HER BY THE KING OF THE NORTH {RUSSIA}.\nMY FREIND, IF YOU ARE READING THIS, MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON THY SOUL. ETERNITY IF FOREVER, & HELL IS LIKEWISE THE SAME.  THE SCRIPTURES TELLS ME THIS, JUST AS IT WAS IN THE DAYS OF SODOM & GOMORRAH, WHEN LOT WAS DRAGGED OUT OF SODOM & WAS DELIVERED BY THE TWO ANGELS SENT BY THE LORD GOD ALMIGHTY, SO SHALL THE DESTRUCTION COME IN ONE HOUR FOR AMERICA.\nFIRST, CALIFORNIA WILL BREAK OFF & SLID INTO THE PACIFIC OCEAN, SETTING OFF A MAJOR TIDAL WAVE OF OVER 200 FEET HIGH. THE BAK LACH FROM THIS WILL BE FELT ALL AROUND THEW WORLD, FOR THE SCRIPTURES SAYS THIS, EVERY ISLAND & MOUNTIAN WILL BE MADE LOW.\nNO MORE LAND OF THE FREE & THE HOME OF THE BRAVE ANY MORE. FOR AMERICAS LEADER HAVE TURNED THEIR BACK ON ISRAEL & THE CURSES HAS ALREADY BEGUN. WHILE AMERICA SUPPORTED GODS PEOPLE, THEY WERE BLESSED. BUT NOE THE CURSE IS COME UPON IT & AMERICA IS DOOMED.\nWHEN MAN THINKS HE KNOWS MORE ABOUT HOW THINGS OUGHT TO BE, & MAN SEEKS TO CHANGE THE TEN COMMANDMENTS OF ALMIGHTY  GOD, THEN THE END IS NOT FAR OFF & ALL THESE WHO LOVETH A LIE & GLOATS IN THE SIN OF SODOMY, WILL SUFFER THE PAINS & TORMENTS OF THE LAKE OF FIRE, WHERE THE FALSE PROPET, & ALL HIS MINISTERS OF UNRIGHTEOUSNESS SHALL FIND THEMSELVES ALONG WITH SATAN HIMSELF ONE DAY AT THE END OF THE MILLINNUMN REIGN OF CHRISTS KINGDOM HERE ON THE NEW EARTH REFORMED FROM THE ASHES OF THE WICKED. AMEN!\nWHETHER YOU BELIEVE THIS GODLY WITNESS & AMBASSADOR FOR THE TRUTH OR NOT, YE WILL FIND OUT FOR CERTAIN AT THE JUDGEMENT SEAT OF THE WICKED, RIGHT AFTER THE WHITE THRONE JUDGEMENT FOR ALL UNBELIEVERS. AMEN!\nMAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON THY SOUL TO REPENT VERY SOON. AFTER SEPTEMBER, WHEN THE POPE IS USHERED INTO AMERICA WITH OPEN ARMS, IT WILL BE A TIME OF NO RETURN, FOR YE SHALL HAVE CROSSED THE SEPARATION LINE BETWEEN HEAVEN & HELL & THERE WILL BE NO REPRIEVES FOR THE DECREED JUGEMNET OF ALMIGHTY GOD THEN. AMEN!\nDONT BE SURPRISE.\nIT BETTER THIS WAY; GOD BEING THE ALL-KNOWN KNOWS HOW TO EXPOSE A LONG PACKED SECRET THAT MANY UNCONSCIOUSLY HAS BEEN LEAD ASTRAY FOR.\nJUST SEE IT THIS WAY; THE POP IS WITH A STRONG MASSAGE TO THE WORLD TELLING THE WORLD THAT THE END IS NEAR BY HELPING THE WORD OF THE LORD TO COME TRUE.\nHE IS EQUALLY UNKNOWINGLY TRYING TO PREACH THE CATHOLIC THAT THIS IS WHO THEY ARE WHICH THEY HAVE BEEN HIDING IN THEIR INNER CAVE SO IF THEY CAN BE WISE AND FLEE FETTER FOR THEM.\nIT STARTED LONG AGO WITH A HIDDEN FALSE HOOD THAT TUNES UP TO BE A NORMAL THING IN CATHOLIC WHICH IS WORSHIPING AND BOWING DOWN TO A MOLDED SCULPTURES WITH A FRAUD OF MARRY AND JESUS THEIR MEMBERS NOT TRYING TO MIND WHAT EXODUS SAID ABOUT BOWING TO A MOLDED THING THAT MIGHT BE IN EVERY PART OF EXISTENCE. THE NEVER MIND TO KNOW HOW MANAGER THAT GOT MARRY AND JESUS PICTURE TO KNOW HOW HE LOOK. THERE HAVE NOT BEEN A PLACE THE BIBLE MENTION JESUS SNAPPING PICTURE.\nTHAT ONE WAS WATERED DOWN THEY HID IT IN A BAG OF A WORD CALLED RESPECT (THEY ARE USING THE IMAGE TO ADORE JESUS AND HIS MOTHER).\nNOW THE CAT HAS BEEN LET LOSE TO THOSE THAT WILL FACE THE TRUTH AND TAKE A DECISION OF GOING OUR FROM THAT SHRINE CALLED CATHOLIC AND DENOUNCE THOSE THEIR BELIEVES AND ACCEPT JESUS IN THEIR LIFE.\nTHE POPE HAS DONE IT FOR YOU. DO NOT ARGUE IF ITS TRUE OR NOT. LEARN FROM IT AND REPENT.\nYOU STILL HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY NOW TO COME BACK TO JESUS FOR THE END IS HEAR.\nMY LORD JESUS, I HAVE REALISE I HAVE LONG BEEN A SINNER. I  THOUGHT I WAS DOING IT RIGHT. I HAVE WRONG YOU WITH NO DOUBT IN MANY WAYS. I COME TO YOU AS A SINNER HAVE MERCY FOR MY SOULS SAKE.\nWASH ME AND MAKE ME WHOLE.\nACCEPT ME AS YOUR SON AS I HAVE NOW ACCEPTED YOU AS MY SON, MY FRIEND AND PERSONAL SAVIOR.\nGIVE ME STRENGTH TO DO YOUR WILL EVEN IN THIS PERILOUS TIME THAT SIN IS NOW THE NORMAL THING, THAT I WILL BE DIFFERENT, THAT I WILL KNOW YOU MORE AS I COME MORE CLOSER TO YOU THROUGH REVELATION AND YOUR WORD THROUGH JESUS CHRIST MY LORD.\nAMEN.\nDID YOU JUST MAKE THAT PRAYER?\nCONGRATULATIONS.\nDO NOT GO BACK IN FEEDING THE NEW SPIRIT IN YOU NOW WITH THE SCRIPTURE.\nYOU ARE BLESSED, YOU ARE SAVED\nAMEN It is all true. That is a beautiful prayer. Thank you Jesus for all you have done in my life\nWoe to Assyria, the rod of My anger And the staff in whose hands is My indignation, 6I send it against a godless nation And commission it against the people of My fury To capture booty and to seize plunder, And to trample them down like mud in the streets.\nThe ISIS is Gods rod of Wrath in this generation, it is to those who twist, replace, add or shun the Mighty WORD of Elohim.unfortunately it will not spare any one.only the remanent will be hid and the others like Lot they will flee. saints no one can stop the flow of Volacanic larva .yes.its coming!\nOooooh this is abomination to all human race,, as God said all these heavens & earth can disappear bt its not easy for the dot of His words to disappear oh my fellow readers lets wake up now its time for us.\nThe bible teaches that Gods character never changes. The Ten Commandments show us how He is. They are a reflection of Gods character. Who He was is who He is now and forever. Gods character does not need modification because His character is perfect, therefor the Ten Commandments were perfect when they were given and still are perfect today regardless of the changing of times. Look what happened to sodom and ghomora. Homosexuality is a sin according to the bible. Sin can only be recognized by the law of God. How can sin be merged with the law. It cannot!!. The law of God is the law of unselfish love and cannot be changed. God bless you!!\nPraise God for his ten commandments. He love us so much that why He give us  the ten commandments.TO OBEY HIM\nI am not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. And I like to know why you say about my agenda. Im just saying the truth\nI cant even believe learned people would believe this stinker. Its all lies and falsehood. I watched the popes sermon from beginning to end, he never said anything like that. Whats the use of YouTube? Why dont you search for that mass in Ecuador and watch it yourselves? All I see are sentiments and Anti-Catholics, always looking for ways to talk bad about Catholics.\nYes believe it. Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13 : 1-8. This is close the end time. Our Lord Jesus Christ is coming soon. When the word is preached all over the world. They going to have the 7 plagues. There gonna be 2 different way to serve and obedient  the 7 th day SABBATH or 1th day Sunday. Ill be strong and obedient the 7 th SABBATH till I die\nThis is strongly true n true. The prophecy is being fulfilling. pope is capable of doing that. he did it sometime ago and he has done it again. watch out !! christ will soon come.\nOne particular day I was passing by a Roman Catholic Church in my relatives town. I happened to notice that on the church property a copy of the Ten Commandments on display. However, it wasnt the Ten Commandments as written in the Bible. It was the Roman Catholic version (1st & 2nd combined, with the 10th split in two). I just shook my head and gave a big sigh, & said to myself, It figures.\nThis is obvious satire, but the previous comments about the papacy already  changing the 10 commandments by deleting the 2nd and changing the 4th (7th day Sabbath to Sunday) are absolutely true.  In fact they have boasted about this in their official writings. They just havent been arrogant enough to chisel the new set in marble.\nGreat controversy( page 582)  The last conflict between truth and error is but the final struggle of the long standing controversy concerning the LAW of God. Upon this battle we are now entering a battle between the laws of men and the precepts (LAW) of Jehovah, between the religion of the bible and the religion of fable and tradition.. . . In rejecting the truth, men reject its author.  In trampling upon the LAW of God, they deny the authority of the LAWGIVER.  (584) Where the LAW of God is made void, Demons rule.\nThe Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is long-suffering to us  ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. i know there are people who are in falsehood but the Lord wants us to be restored to true worship including the kings of the earth that are stubborn to the voice of the almighty God crying in the wilderness fetching for his own with a great and mighty theme: Come out her my people and be ye separate, touch not the unclean thing and i will receive you\nWayne, the RCC is filled with goodies that they created since their inception. I remember seeing a list once, showing each doctrine & the year it was introduced. Unsure where Ive seen it, but it exists. Plus, I attended Parochial school from 1972 to 1983. The stories I can tell!\nI wouldnt be surprised if this has happened, but I too would like more proof that he actually did say all that. There are alot of truth s out there but also alot of lies. I dont support the catholic church at all but want to know the truth.\nRead Daniel 7:25 in Revelation 13:1-8. Checkout Walter Veith DVD s. This is  true and Pastor Bohr. You cant get it on YouTube. Or the web site Walter Veith. He used to be a Catholic and then he became atheist. He will have a good testimony for you. Now he is a Seventh-day  Adventist. May the Lord bless you for finding out the truth.\nAmen Praise God that you want to know the truth. Check out Walter Veith ministry. Google his name or Youtube. He was a Catholic, atheist. Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13 King James. May God open your eyes and the Holy Spirit teach you God word.\nHi Cindy, do some thorough research on the Catholic Church, Roman Empire and the Protestant Reformation an youll understand the history and how these current events fit in.\nInstead of worrying about saying Mass, why doesnt the Pope give a good old fashioned hellfire sermon telling people that without Jesus, they will suffer for eternity apart from him? Ooops Stupid me No Pope did this before, so why break tradition?\nBut aside from that, the Roman Catholic changed the 10 commandments already quite some time ago.  Check out the vaticans website:  http://www.vatican.va/archive/ccc_css/archive/catechism/command.htm\nThey dismissed the second commandment that speaks about not making graven images and bowing down to themand when it comes the keeping the sabbath, they say, keep the LORDs Day.  Both changes are unacceptable.  And they had to add one since they deleted the 2nd, so they split the 9th in two.\n Almighty GOD commands us to not add or take away from his commands.  Read the Bible and test everything people say.\nI grew up Catholic, but became a B.A.C. about  the age of 19. Spent times in both Protestant as well as non-denominational Churches. No more. I follow the bible (KJV) only now. Too many churches have gone off the deep end. Jesus established the Church, man established denominations.\nWhere is thefalseprophet then, if pope is anti Christ. In 1942 hitler was named the anti Christ, Mussolini was named false prophet. The number of anti Christ was the number put on the Jews and six million Jews were killed.   So if pope Francis is anti Christ, where is the false prophet\nPapal is the Antichrist, Pope is a false prophet there are many false prophets in the world which one dont preach the word of God. False Jim Jones from Guyana and ect\nHes the president. But they all have to obey the false prophet the papacy that is the Jesuits anf the pope. We only to follow GOD and not men, Satan. Satan have a short time and he going like roar lion. God is on the throne. Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13 King James. May God touch your heart.\nThe false prophecy is the papacy the Pope. Daniel 7: 25 and Revelation 13. The dragon is Satan that gift power to the beast. I hope you will understand this by reading the scriptures of God. King James. It also said the whole world wonder after the beast you could see it now in the world how many people go after the Pope. The Pope called himself God but he isnt God is in heaven. That is blasphemy\nNo. Barack Obama is the antichrist. Pope Francis is the false prophet. Barack Obama is planning to implement the microchip to all americans and soon the world. Then Pope Francis made an announcement that ALL the Catholic Christians are EXPECTED to obey. We are now in the  End times.\nNo, he is the false prophet. The anti-Christ will appear later, after the false prophet declare the world religion.\nPlease see the link below :\nhttps://sites.google.com/site/thebookoftruthsudieptutroi/\nYou should not be afraid. Pray for God to give you strength. Satan want you to be afraid. Study GODS word. Be obedient till death you will receive the crown of life.\nVery true.  The bible clears that not one word should be changed or added to the ten commandments.  The only one that has that authority is Christ himself.  We must be true to the words of the bible.  Stand up for what is right and pray constantly for the devil is on a rampage.  Be obedient and our rewards will be greater in heaven.\nif u call others idiot for saying that pope is the anti Christ  ,you are the primitive  ,blind idiot . pope will take you Catholics to hell,,this we know ,how can someone change the bible? ,,yet God is against it . you catholics you dont want to hear the truth which hurt ,you worship that pope that you call father,God is our father and not the pope and this is the reason Martin Luther king left catholic when he realised that there were so many idols in Popes territories .our God is alive we dont worship idols.\nRead church history and early church fathers. Yes, Luther was not happy with the corruption in the church, but Luther did  say leave the communion alone and the blessed virgin alone.  He was devoted to the blessed mother.  The LORD commanded Moses to put carved in gold cherubs on ark.  IDOLS?\nDecorations are NOT for worship, they are just decoration ..\nAngels true to YHUHs service and Word, obedient to HIM decorate the arc which contains His Word and evidence of His Truth as Creator and Miracle Maker, Savior of the Israelites brought out of Egypts slavery  and the present worlds slavery system.  If you dont know the Creator, YHUH, you should at least check Him out, get to know Him and His rules for Life on earth.  It is enlightening and eye-opening!  Happy trails as you pursue the real TRUTH.\nGods commandments are written with his hand and they are ten. His commandments will never change. Daniel 7:25. Who ever will  change GOD law there names will be removed from the book of life.\nCalm down bro. the warfare is not between church and church, its between Christ and satan.  Satan doesnt want jesus to be Lord on the throne, He attacked his kingship in the judgement hall, condemn him to die, nail him to a cross, lock him in a tomb, On a throne? King of the universe? recicieving praise and worship of all nations tongues and people? No satan would hide behind every false systems of worship, to distract and deceive gods people. but God will have a people who will love him, worship him, and keep his commandments. All eyes on jesus, Hes coming soon to reign, and shut the mouth of every false god\n. Even so come lord jesus.\nThanx Ken for ua comment. Thats the truth. Brethren. Us we know the truth. Let us proclaim the truth to the world, and if anybody accept it. Will be saved in Jesus name. And for us who knows the truth, let us stick on it until Jesus came back. Satan is using people to proclaim the lies to the world  and many are decieved. Brethren let seek the truth and it will set is free. In all stuation brethren we should not be afraid. Let us just rise our eyes to Jesus and he willing, able and only mighty to save us. God bless u all in Jesus name.\nPlease read Daniel 7 : 25. Where you see Satan change the ten commandments . The papacy is the head the Pope. SATAN is the head of this earth. He knows he have a short time. He is going around like a roaring lion and deceive the world.\nRead the book of Mathew king James version not jehovah witnesses version youll know a lot about hell abyss down down what you can imagine\nTo Dan:  Here are just some of the Scriptures mentioned in the Bible on HELL but there are a lot more you can research.  Other names are TARTARUS, SHEOL, HADES etc.  In the Earth, there are many portals (openings, caves, holes) to HELL and many levels.  Following are some Scriptures.  Btw, Jehovahs Witness or Watch Tower cult members do not believe that HELL exists.  How terrible for them.\nMatthew 25:41  Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, you cursed, into EVERLASTING FIRE, prepared for the devil and his angels:\nRevelation 19:20  And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a LAKE OF FIRE BURNING with BRIMSTONE.\nRevelation 20:10  The Devil who deceived them was thrown into THE LAKE OF FIRE and SULFUR where the beast and the false prophet are, and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.\nRevelation 21:8- But for the cowardly and unbelieving and abominable and murderers and immoral persons and sorcerers and idolaters and all liars, their part will be in THE LAKE THAT BURNS with FIRE and BRIMSTONE, which is the second death.\nStill Dont believe?? Then maybe you want to hear the screams of the souls already in HELL (make sure your kids are not around and please put on your ear phones) .. I would like to know how you felt after watching the video and hearing those screams.\n\nNeed more to believe?  Do you believe the Scripture where Jesus mentioned GEHENNA also called GEHINNOM, or GAI-BEN, or HINNOM VALLEY that still exists in Jerusalem? \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_sZ03VjXLQ\nIf you still dont believe, then my advice to you is ..you better believe NOW and not after you get there for then it will be toooooo late my friend  Hope all this above info will be an eye opening for you.\nThe Bible says: The wages, or punishment, for sin is death, not everlasting life in hell-fire, but death (Rev.21:8). At the end of the world God, Himself, will kindle hell-fire. The Holy City comes down from God out of heaven and the wicked attempt to capture it. At that time, God will rain down fire from heaven upon the earth and it will devour the wicked (Rev.20:9). This fire is Bible hell-fire. Hell-fire will  be the earth on fire (2Pet.3:10). The Bible specifically teaches that hell-fire will go out (Isa.47:14). The only thing left of the wicked when the fire goes out is their ashes (Mal.4:1,3). In Psalms 37:10,20 the Bible says the wicked will go up in smoke. The devil will be cast into the fire and it will turn him to ashes (Eze.28:18,19)(Rev.20:10). Gods purpose in hell is to destroy the devil and all sin and sinners and make the righteous safe for eternity. It is Gods plan to isolate sin and blot it out of existence for all time. An Eternal hell of torment is not a part of Gods great plan at all. Such a horrible theory is slander against the holy name of a loving God. No one will be in heaven because he feared hell. People are saved because they love and obey Christ. I pray that before you open your Bible to study that you will ask God to send His Holy Spirit to lead you to the truth. God bless you.\nif you call others idiot for saying that pope is the anti Christ  ,you are the primitive  ,blind idiot . pope will take you Catholics to hell,,this we know ,how can someone change the bible? ,,yet God is against it . you catholics you dont want to hear the truth which hurt ,you worship that pope that you call father,God is our father and not the pope and this is the reason Martin Luther king left catholic when he realised that there were so many idols in Popes territories .our God is alive we dont worship idols.\nI totally agree with you James.  A person who groups all others as idiots, he himself is the most ignorant idiot .. and ignorance is not bliss but its a physical as well as a spiritual death.  Such folks are still asleep and will wake up only in the midst of doom when there will be no way to turn and this doom is coming soon.\nGlory be to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has kept His promises concerning the end time.\nWell, brethren it was a prophesy that Christ would come and He shall be crusified for our redemption bt it was at no point stated that Judas would be the one to betray Him. Lets also understand that Judas was among the twelve, in other words, he was in the body Christ- a christian, yet his Masters betrayer.\nSo i dont care who wants or has chosen to be our Judas to bring to pass this prophesy, because it must come to pass since the scripture cannot be broken. But let me remind us of the warning that Apostle Paul gave us, Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumbling block or an occasion to fall in his brothers way.Rom14:13.\nAnd Christ Himself said, And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.Mark9:42.\nAnd according to Rev.22:18,19:  If any man [a king or a slave, a pope or a bench warmer] shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:\nAnd if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophesy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. And I say AMEN.\nPls if u are a part in this demonic message i will advise u to dissociate and escape the wrath of God. Pls make it right with Jesus Christ!\nAnd for those of us in the faith lets shut our eyes and ears against the world, not giving in to vain arguments and philosophies of men which are just to make them fulfil the lust of the flesh shamelessly even claiming to be under the umbrella of Grace. Remain ever blessed as you look up to the cross.\nJesus is Lord!\nThe cross has nothing to do with Jesus.. If you ACTUALLY do researchthe cross was introduced by pagans so that the Christians back then can come and join in on their false worship. It was the only way that they could of achieved followers.\nIndeed the cross, an Satanic devised instrument of prolonged torture, predates Christ.  But it has everything to do with Gods sacrifice for our sin, which is what put Him there.  It is not a sign of the Creator, the Sabbath is.  Christians regard it for what Jesus did for them personally on it.  Unfortunately some use it as some sort of charm or idol.\nTo Dan & StevenMark:  First of all I clicked [*Like] in error  frankly both of you are wrong about the cross just like many Christians and others as well who say that Yahshuah was nailed to a stake.  A stake is nothing but a pagan structure obelisk or phallus a male sexual organ.  Our Savior DID NOT die on that thing.\n The cross was not introduced by pagans rather the pagans robbed YHVHs sign and twisted it to suit their wicked needs just as they robbed everything else that belongs to the Creator.\nNo matter in what language the Bible is written, ALL Scriptures have a Hebrew understanding.  To be brief Yahshuah was Nailed to the Cross and Not a Stake.  Heres why:  The FIRST alphabet of the Hebrew language is ALEPH meaning head leader etc.  and TAV is the LAST  He said  I am the First and the Last.  While the Aleph represent the Head, the Tav represents a Cross, a Sign and a Mark.  Also the two alphabets of the Torah in Hebrew begins with the Aleph and ends with the Tav.  Bottom line when you follow what Yahshuah (Jesus) commanded you to follow, then you are MARKed with the TAV=The Mark of YHVH the Creator of Heaven & Earth.\nWhen you listen to Christian preachers preaching always do your own research on what they have said.  Heres a good video that explains the CROSS on which our Messiah Yahshuah had died and redeemed us.\nThe Hebrew Letter Tav\n\nBlessings!!\nam antipopes visionsmuch have been said about it and therefore the wrath of JESUS CHRIST is there 4 those who confuses the people of GOD by spreading the false prophesied,,, its not that am judging but be aware of the end times,,, infact  the bibble itself says BE CAREFUL\nIf this publication is false then the papacy must come out and clear the dust in the air that the Pope did not say such a thing like that. But silence means.!\nLife will be so dificuiltt nowadays as we are moving in the promised Last days .God please advice the entire world yur reality as pple will be missing the right channel after being obedient for along time ,\nHi Dan, Im not going to argue on that but many use YHWH and others use YHVH and yet others use differently but they prefer not to use god.\nThe W is considered double Vavs while V is a single Vav.  When the name is written in Hebrew letters there is only a single Vav so considering that, many write with a V rather than a W.  Mostly I prefer to use His Hebrew initials then the word god which is actually common for all pagan gods.\nSince YHVH is set-apart (meaning holy) and because He Himself said He does not like being called by names that are pagan, god or gods or in Hebrew Baal or Baalim, [ Hos 2:16-17). And it shall be, in that day, declares YHVH, that you call Me my Husband, and no longer call Me  My Baal.  V-17.. And I shall remove the names of Baals from her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their names ]\nSo I do my best to be obedient by not using the name god but rarely use it to identify Him i.e. in my comments or discussion because its not surprising that many do not know the Creators Hebrew name.  I do not mean to start a debate but this is just my explanation to you.\nam always asking my several questions concerning pope francis. who is and what he really want from the people. Does he thinks that he is so special than the past popes. why cant he ask himself what the previous pope made him to step down. sometimes even speaks of things which do not concern his church. he is dirtiesfying the whole world. and thats not enough he wants to rewrite Gods Holy word. Cursed is you who fullfill the prophecy.\nThe time is short Jesus Christ is coming very soon. Prophecy have to be fulfilled. Revelation 13 and Daniel 7 : 25 . KJV To God be the glory stand fast in the word , be obedient and have a relationship with him and Faith in  Jesus Christ\nTo know the Truth of Gods 10 Commandments is sweet like honey.  But to see the lies and blasphemy in real time makes me sick to my stomach.  Bitter, sweet is the knowledge of Truth.\nDear brothers and sisters in Christ Jesus!!!\nDont forget that the Ten Commandments were written BY GODS OWN FINGERS,then He gave the tablets to His servant Moses so that all human beings followed them not only the Israelites.God is jealous,holy and true.He never let anyone change His Word.\nStand firm and lets pray each other.Be blessed till the coming of Our Lord Jesus Christ.\nI cant even receive Communion in the Catholic Church because my marriage wasnt recognized in the Catholic Church however the rules are being changed to accommodate homosexuals???\nInteresting.\n2Thesa2:2-4 is the answer of all is that Jesus comes after the man of sin is  revealed! This is the man  of sin!!\nam afraid those who are against GOD are as many ans as sand Rev {20:8} And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog\nand Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of\nwhom [is] as the sand of the sea.\n Mathew{7:13} Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide [is] the gate,and broad [is] the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many\nthere be which go in thereat: {7:14} Because strait [is] the\ngate, and narrow [is] the way, which leadeth unto life, and\nfew there be that find it.\nWhile those Scriptures you provided pertain to two separate groups of people in different time eras, they still have their applications.\nThe God of heaven,the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob is watching you the pop 4 such hypocritical message. I pity you that when others r struglng to stay right with Him,u r busy going astray. God forbid! God have mercy on us.\nThe Catholic religions traditional way of enumerating the ten commandments takes away the second commandment (against making images unto ourselves) and makes the 10th commandment into two commandments.\nThe Pope needs Grace just like all other sinners, but the problem he shall encounter is pride. It is difficultt for a camel to earn salvation\nPope has no right to change the word of God. He is technically only a Bishop of the Catholic Church. Rome is like people in New England thinking their better than everyone else. Point is that the Pope if true screwed the pooch. He or no one else can change or rewrite the word of God. Adding a new Commandment, wow. No selfies. I think as the way it was described that Having No Other Gods Before Me would cover that one. The Pope could very well be the Anti-Christ, time will tell, as far as false prophets all you have to do is look around. Those who have eyes need to see and those that have ears need to see.\nI personally do not if the statement is true , but if the statement is true woe to that man, for no man on earth has the authority to change the word of God ,the Bible clearly states that no man must add or subtract what God has written ,God is in heaven weare on earth we are Placed here as Gods subjects to honor and obey Him ,believers be not deceived  God is not mocked we know we are living in the last days and these things will come upon us but beware of false prophets many shall come in my name says Jesus but be not deceived by their lies believe the word of God , read the word of God allow the Holy Spirit of God to lead u and be prepared for redemption is at hand .God Bless that keep his word .Thy Word have I hid in my heart that I might sin against Thee Amen and Amen\nReblogged this on thewidepathtodestruction and commented:\nThe Roman Catholic Church is the woman who rides the beast. Yahwehs law cannot be changed or altered in any way; that is why they are written in stone. Pope Francis is doing works of cunning deception. \nSaturday is the day our God has blessed, let no 1 change it..let us worship on Saturday.. Seventh Day Adventist Church. God bless u all\nAMEN. You know the last days will be all about the Sabbath Day and also who do you want to do surve ? Praise God for His Mercy. He give us a lot to with His  Blood\nI dont think this is true. But whether it is true or not, let us all strive to please our God. Please be informed that the law and the times were changed by the catholic church some centuries ago. This is when Sunday worship began, idolatory entered the church. Unfortunately many pentecostal shurches began following her way of defilling the sabbath in the name of Resurrection. Be aware that we are not saved by resurrection but by Christ death, finding rest in him. Sunday keepers are following the mother of Harlots.\nThe end time is really here. I recommend to every true follower of Christ, the book by bro Gbile of peace house Gboko, Nigeria: Living with Eternity in view.\nFaith comes by hearing what God has said right (Rom.10:17)? Could someone please give me the scripture where God said anything about the Catholic church? Could someone give the scripture where God said anything about a Pope? Could someone give the scripture where God said anything about praying to Mary? Could someone give the scripture where God said anything about baptizing babies? Could someone give the scripture where God said anything about transubstantiation? etc. etc. etc.\nAfter all these are all doctrine and the bible does say: 2Jo 1:9 Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son. [10]  If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed: [11] For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.\nThe fourth commandment is Remember the Sabbath day to keep it Holy nothing to do with respecting parents.\nThe pope thinks he can change times and laws but he cannot !!\nThats true. However; changing the Ten Commandments is only part of the picture. I recall seeing a list of the Catholic traditions that have been added in through history. Its odd that what was considered heresy by the Catholic Church at one time in its history becomes Canon Law later on.\nThis writer mixes a little truth with a lot of error. For example: he states that the Pope changed the wording of the 4th Commandment to include respect for same-sex parents. Respect for parents is the 5th Commandment, not the 4th. Read some of his other articles and you will see that his comments need to be taken with the proverbial grain of salt, no matter how much truth they contain. For example: the RNC is sending all their presidential candidates to the jungles of Venezuela for a death match. REALLY? A Boeing 777 matching the description of the missing Malaysian airliner has been found in a CNN warehouse. REALLY? Obama wants to kick Texas out of the US. REALLY? The writer is just what the devil wants  a little truth with a lot of error to confuse as many as possible, and to make those who have the whole truth look like fools.\nGod Almighty will never allow such to happen. Roman Catholic is a devilish Church, that has been known for a long time, only the fools can listen and adhere to it. Right from time they dont keep to the words of God, always kicking against it. Where did he see God or whose voice did hear? Well that must not be the voice Adonai. RUBBISH.\n1. Sodom and Gomora experienced a mass distruction because of an increase of a particular act, and that act is man to man and women to women having sex \n2. People were feasting, drinking and Giving in marriage when Noah build an an arkGod allowed flood to wipe out all in that time\nIf you could see, God reacted with distruction ONLY when people miss use the blessing called SexGod blessed Man and Woman to enjoy this blessingIt was suposed to be sacred\nNow other countries are going to legalise Man to Man and Women to Women to have freedom of Sex and Marriage\nI belive the next distruction is Gods Second coming\nDont be afraid fellow christains\nRejoiceThis will all end soon, Coz Jesus is coming soon\nPope Francis, as well as all prior Popes never preach the Gospel, but sure love being public speakers, and promoting celebrating the Mass. Their style is so predictable.\nTrying to find the religions called catholicism, christianity, or the hundreds of demominations in the Scriptures and Messianic Writingsbecause it doesnt exist..its a history book about the scattered lost sheep or Children of Israel. Any other claim is a LIE.\nI pray that you understand Daniel 7: 25 and Revelation 13  Kong James the whole world is one wondering  after the beast. The beast is the papacy that is the  and pope. The pope call himself father. My father is only God, Heavenly Father\nWhat are you a paid shill?  You think the Bible is a work of fiction because you are lacking the Wisdom, Knowledge, Understanding, and Intelligence which means you are ignorant and probably you think ignorance is bliss but not so, because ignorance is a physical death as well as a spiritual death  so heres some advice, take it or leave it, the choice is yours.  Get a good Bible teacher to teach you of the wonders in that precious book otherwise you are going to end up in the fire like a sausage on satans fork.\nNo this is the truth. Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13 in King James version. The truth is in the Word of God. Check out Walter Veith ministry on YouTube. May God bless you while you read the word of God. The Holy Spirit will guide you.\nThe bible is a work of fiction.\nThe pope is just a guy in a dress.\nSin only exists in your mind and in your treatment of others.\nGet your heads out of your lower orifices people and learn to think for yourselves instead of relying on religion to make decisions and hateful jusgements.\nIm just curious to know, if you think the Bible is fiction, you dont believe in the Creator of Heaven and Earth, then why are you on this blog?  \nRe. The pope is just a guy in a dress Well honestly thats really funny BUT he is not just a guy in a dress, he is a danger to this world and those who work along with him.  Your eyes and ears are shut so you will be dead in your sleep when sudden terror, death and destruction unfolds up this planet and sadly you will only wake up in hell and not realize what really happened to you.  \nYou think you are smart dont you but your orifice is in your head and your brain is where your orifice should be.  Some people are just born that way and so they tend to always think upside down and/or can never think and learn like normal people particularly those who believe in a Super Power in Heaven who Himself wrote the Commandments for mankind.  But again, since your bran is in your orifice, you are not normal and what is abnormal belongs to satan so you and others like you i.e. blasphemers, scoffers and other wicked ones can go worship your father satan.\nI pray that God will touch your heart. The Antichrist is the papacy the Pope. SATAN is deceitful he has a short time. Jesus Christ is coming soon. The whole world is wondering after the beast.  Adam and Eve sin in the garden of Eden. That is the first sin. Read Exodus 20 the Ten Commandments in the last days they will remove the commandment of the Sabbath day. Read on Daniel 7 :25 and Revelation 13\nMay God open your eyes.\nSatan has done his work well dividing brethren against brethren. Is this the best we can do in honoring Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ?\nThis is the most ungodly act I have heard in my lifetime! Who died and made this man God? I would not want to be in his shoes on judgement day! May God have mercy on his soul!\nMay God have mercy on his soul! There is a curse on one who changes Gods word! Who does he think he is? Sad day for TRUE believers everywhere!\nWhether this is true or false article doesnt matter what matters is the word of God (bible). If any person anywhere attempts to revise/rewrite/amend the ten commandments then the following must be concluded that their god is NOT PERFECT because he must have got a couple of things wrong the first time Exo20. Now from the Bible perspective  God is Perfect and no error is found in him (2Samuel 22:31). So to take an opposing view in short.. is blasphemy. Praise the Lord his laws will be written in the heart where no man can amend.\nSatan has changed the law of God.         Daniel 7 :25 and revelation 13. He has a short time and hes going around like deceitful lion\nI love what you have written May YHWH bless you my brother or sister Those on the side of the Truth listen to the Truth He who has hears to hear, let him hear! x\nIt is false.wish I could block this site.  I verified on two different unassociated sites that this was completely a fabrication by these people.  There is enough REAL news that this junk only smears themselves!\nMay Jesus open your eyes to the venom of pope Francis woman open your eyes and see like the blind man whom Jesus healed  your faith in the true God and not this false prophet will set you free to salvation.\nPope Francis will be condemned by God into the Bottomless Abyss forever .  One doesnt play the role of God.  Pope Francis is the false prophet !!!!!\nIts false ! Ive just listened to the whole video of that specific mass and the pope says NOTHING about revisiting the 10 commandments. It was a torture to me since I believe hes the woman sat on the beast, Babylon the Great, but I did it to hear it from my own ears on the very site of the Vatican itself, theres a video of the event. So that news here is called gossiping, scandal mongering, or mud-slinging. bearing false witness. Same for the news about Hellfire from above, I verified.\nYahweh God Almighty has already exalted the ORIGINAL Ten Commandments (contained in the ark of the covenant) by enshrining them inside  his Holy Temple in heaven (Revelation 11:29). His perfect and eternal ROYAL  law of liberty cannot be revised by a mere man. And note that the Catholic church had already messed up with the original decalogue written in the Bible by deleting the Second Commandment (Exodus 20:4-6; Deuteronomy 5:8-10) to justify the worship and adoration of mere humans (the created) instead of worshiping the only true God, Yahweh (the Creator)  Jesus Christs Father and our Father, and Jesus God and our God. Be not deceived, be alert and vigilant against the wiles of the devil  of following the adulterated teachings of men (Isaiah 29:13; Matthew 15:7-9; Mark 7:6-8).\nAmen !\nNo man has the authority to add or remove a word from the bible!\nIt is trying to become superior to God !\nThis is bullshit!!!!!!!!!!!! Whoever who formulated and circulated this false and misleading message to discredit pope, I must say that you are digging your own grave yard. The creature who created this universe and the creatures around us including you and I is a perfect God who does not make mistake. He did not make mistake to give us the 10 commandments and he does not make mistakes like us. He was definite and exact in his 10 commandments and gave it to us through Moses. People must not make bullshits to tarnish pope Francis because he is a religious leader and a human being just like you and I. So please stop circulating and posting bullshit message on websites just to tarnish Pope\nWhy do use cursing words God dont like that. Check out Pope Constantine change the law. Read Daniel 7: 25 and Revelation 13. The beast make war with his remnant church. You cannot serve two masters either God or Satan\nhes the beast of the sea revelation 13 and also check daniel 7:25 its apart of prophecy\nand you know what pope francis you can change the bible but you cant change Gods word what he says remains the same\nNo hes part of the adulterous woman that rides and controls the wild beast lthe UNthe womanaka false religion is soon to be destroyed!!! Thank God!!\nAmen they will be destroyed very soon. The time is short. The whole church wonder after the beast. Papecy Rome . Satan give them the power.\nThe comments regarding the rumor of the Pope changing the Ten Commandments grows every day. It was never meant to be serious. II mean really This snowball of a rumor has turned into an epic sized avalanche.\nSatan is evil I pray you understand the word of God before its too late. If youre interested to read Daniel 7 :25 + revelation 13 talking about the Word of God to be changed by Satan and Satan is changing the laws of God. He like to destroy families and fourth commandment the Sabbath, Saturday commandment. Revelation dirtiness talking about Satan making war with God remnant church. That is Gods people that will be obedient to the fourth commandment. I pray that the Holy Spirit touch your heart.\nThe Sabbath is for us all. Jesus went to the synagogue every Sabbath. Read the new Gospels from John Matthew, Mark and Luke, God created the subway for man to serve Him. Genesis 2: 3. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. Matthew 4 :23, Mark 1 :21 Luke4 :16  the New Testament repeated what the Old Testament said.  I pray the Lord with touch your heart because this is all about the fight Satan has about the Sabbath, the fourth commandment; there will be a sunday law  coming soon who will serve God or man, Satan.\nRead the Book of Acts. The Apostles & Disciples broke bread & read the Scriptures on the first day of the week. Sure, Jesus observed the Sabbath, because He was a Torah observing Jew. But even in Pauls letters, when he told believers what Laws to follow, he never mentioned keeping the Sabbath. Gentiles are NOT physical Jews that have to keep the Sabbath. Even the Scriptures say that Jesus is our rest (Sabbath). The Scriptures say one man esteems one day as another, some regard other days more important. If you want to keep the Law, you are bound by the Law & its 600+ commands. We are not under the Law, but under Grace.\nThe Bible records one instance in which Christians gather to break bread  Acts 20:7. It also reports that the early Christian believers came together every day to break bread together and praise God Acts 2: 46,47 nothing  about the meeting in Acts  20 indicates that these Christians considered the first day of the week to be holy or that God has changed the SABBATH from the seven days of the week to the first. Paul counseled the Corinthian believers  to set aside some money on the first day of each week and save it up 1 Corinthians 16:2. So that he would not have to pick up a collection when he arrived. Some have argued that this text proves that the Corinthian Christians were worshiping on the first day of the week and taking up offering at their meetings. But the text is clearly talking about setting aside money each week that Paul will collect when he comes ;it says nothing about a worship service on the first day of the week. There is no command from God anywhere in the Bible to keep holy the first day of the week. The Bible is completely silent about any change of Gods holy Sabbath from the seventh day of the week to the first. The Bible says that the woman came to Jesus tomb early on the first day of the week after the 7 day Sabbath has already passed.  Matthew 28:1, Mark 16:1,2.  The first thing recorded in the Bible about the first day of the week is that it is a day on which work was done .God work of creation began on the first day of the week Genesis 1: 1- 5 nothing sets the first they apart from the other working days of creation week. God commands his people to work on the first day of the week as part of the six ordinary working days. Exodus 20:8-11. God specifically  refers to the six working days of the week  which included the first day as distinct from the his Holy Sabbath day . Ezekiel 46:1. There is no record anywhere in the Bible that God ever blessed the first day of the week or make it holy . There is no record anywhere in the Bible that any Patriarchs, prophets, apostles or any of GODS people ever considered the first day of the week as GOD kept itholy. I pray you will understand about the first day.\nMaybe you shouldnt be so foolish to believe this is heresay and accept this is actually happening and happened.\nYou contradict your own faith by putting faith in man. The Pope is a man. And he is as corrupted as any other politician.  Wake up.\nWhat truly scares me about this Pope is the fact he is a Jesuit. The Jesuits were originally formed to literally destroy any and all Christians who wouldnt bow to the Pope, & destroy any & all copies of bibles. The Jesuits are considered the popes military fighters. The Jesuits swear a binding blood oath which exists even to today. Worth reading.\ni am sorry to say by there is no true monday thru sunday day for sabbath he didnt say sabbath saturday or sunday he said we work 6 day and rest on the seventh so sabbath can be any day of the week meening u worship him every day\nYou can not worship every day . Exodus 20 : 8-11. God give us 6 days to work and the 7th day to keep His day Holy.\nCompletely agree. Despite what some people here say, Christians are NOT obligated to observe the Jewish Sabbath. And what exactly is the Jewish Sabbath? It is actually from sunset of Friday to sunset Saturday, not just Saturday alone. And yes, God never said to work Sunday morning to Friday sunset. He said to work six days, & rest the seventh.\nIt is funny that you would think that it is an attempt to discredit the Pope. Yet there are things that the Catholic Church teaches that goes against what the Bible holds dear. The same Bible which tells us that in the last days there will be many that will claim to proclaim that name of the Lord and have no form of Godliness. So why is that hard for you to accept? Just a thought, why, if JESUS came and die for my sins, which gave me the opportunity to go directly to God in prayer, (note, no longer to the Priest to make sacrifices for the people before God for atonement) then why do I need to go to the convectional to confess my sins to a man, how will his forgiveness help me, and he is not God?\nRob, there are lots of people who have nothing better to doFrancis has been friendly with Muslims and that should be news enough. But this stuff about the 10 Commandments only distracts from real newswhich is that Francis has said multiple times the Koran is as authoritative as the Bible, which IS blasphemous.\nDear Robert you really do not know your faith send me your email I will open ip your eyes and mind with more truth that you can handle\nRegardless of the truth to this story, this one topic I can vouch for. I am currently in a heated debate with some Catholics regarding their version of the Ten Commandments t& their justification for statues in their churches. I was told that the Catholic Church has at least a dozen pages of writing explaining the Second Commandment (Thou shalt not make a graven image). I mean, really. Since when does anyone in their right mind need multiple pages of documentation to explain something so simple? Almost akin to the Talmud that Jesus was so against & condemned.\nThe Lucifer had dominated the Church, and trying to receive the Children of the only living God.\nTHE END-TIME is at hand, with the evidences of all these evils that are happening in nowadays, both in the Church and the outside the Church.\nLet the Children of the only living God be alert and inquisitive, to know what is happening around them; because the Devil have dominated the Church. Lucifer had taken over the Church, and trying to challenge and amend THE UNCHANGEABLE WORDS OF THE ONLY LIVING GOD, for his own favor. That shows that the time Jesus Christ promised to come back, to judge the living and the dead is at hand.\nTHE END-TIME IS AT HAND: As the event of the death and resurrection of Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ took place since 2015 years ago, and He promised to come back very soon to judge the living and the dead, and in accordance with the Holy Bible (second Peter chapter:3:8): 1000 days is like a day in the eyes of the living God, and the event too place since 2015 years ago, which is like two days and some seconds ago in the eyes of the living God.\nPlease the Children of the only living God, dont allow yourselves to be deceived by the false prophets of this end-time.\nRemember that the word the living God, CAN NEVER be changed in any way, (never to be added or removed in any condition).\nHis words never change, because He alone is God, He never change, or become tired.\nSo BE WARNED that, THE END-TIME is at hand.\nDont allow yourselves to be deceived by tthe devilish authorities. Remember what the Apostle Paul said in Ephesians chapter:6:10-18. Open your Bible and read the word of your Father in Heaven.\nOpen your Bible and Read!\nOpen your Bible and read!!\nOpen your Bible and read, the Children of the only living God,\nAnd amend your ways, because the end-time is at hand.\nFor the bible says, heaven and earth will pass away but his word will not pass away. For Jesus said, he is the same, yesterday, today and forever more for he doesnt change so his word that is infallible, purified seven times and forever settled in heaven never changes. For the His word says, for everyone who removes any word from the bible or add any word to the bible, God will judge him. The word is very clear so the pope is making a big mistake deliberately to change the ten commandments and this alone proves that he is false prophet heading the biggest cult group in the world under the banner of christainity. The bible says for the people of the catholic faith to come out of the bablyonian system in order to be saved so people should take heed the word of God and come out before its too late.\nPope Francis is the devil dressed in sheep clothing, it more like satin is telling to change the bible, because the bible that I read clearly states that God is the same then, now, and forever more, he will never change neither will his word.\nDont be surprised the Bible said it in Daniel 7:25 and Revelation 13. Be ready for the coming of Jesus Christ hes coming soon thats what its all about the Pope coming in September\nTrue Christians watch outthe God we serve is perfect&He does not make mistakes He never made a mistake to say that we should not have sex with people of the same sex&He will never change.The ground is being made in preparation of the anti-Christ who will come soon after rapture to rule the world under one religion just as the Pope is doing to unify all religions even those that dont worship God.\nAmen! And what I sincerely believe in is supporting a ministry (reputable; not one that is a world/flesh compromising one (some DO exist)) that gets the Gospel out to the lost. There is one thing in Heaven that can never be done; which is reaching out to the lost.\nRead the word  in Daniel 7:25 and Revelation 13. Their is no rapture. The died in Christ will rise first and we will be caught up together. We will live a 1000 years in heaven till we will go to New Jerusalem\nFoolishness the Pope has no such authority and those who are foolish enough to believe for a minute that he has such authority need to read Gods word the Bible. He is a sinner just as all of us and how can he be able to add or take away from Gods unchangeable word and especially Gods commandments which God wrote himself by his fingers and trusted no man to write them but He God himself to do so? Wake up people.\nRead Daniel 7:25 where they change the law and also Revelation 13 will explain itself to yes this is all true because its in the Word of God the prophecy has to be fulfilled and is fulfilling and is continuing until Jesus comes\nthats just a small portion of what is coming ahead be aware there is more be ready for what is to come\nRead the Beast is the papacy and that is Rome and Satan is really busy and this is the prophecies if you study Daniel and Revelation you will see how come to the coming of Jesus Christ is very soon this is all about Pope is coming in this month to sit down and let them know.  Its all about fofulfilling of the sunday law. America is also in the prophecy. Read Daniel and Revelation\nThe pope has lost his mind. the word of God said I change not, If God dont change his word dont change.God has never and never will call on a man to correct him  or his word, God is all knowing, he knew what was going to happen in our day thats why he gave us the scripture.and we dont take away or add to it  the pope need to read the book of REVELATION,and see what his end\ngoing to be.\nThe people who read Bible prophecy should wake up. Read Godss Final warning message of the 3 angels message.The next move the Pope will announce is to enforce Sunday worship. Read Revelation 14:9-13\nI mentioned once this article may or not be actually true. But given this new kid, the Pope, actually changing the Ten Commandments, wouldnt surprise me. For centuries, Catholics have prayed the standard rosary (which contained the standard Mysteries of the rosary (Joyful, Sorrowful, & Glorious). Along comes Pope John Paul 2, & says Mary appeared to him in a dream (theres a sucker born every minute), who instructed the Pope to add an additional set to the rosary (The Illuminous Mysteries). Now all Catholics believe it was Gods Will. So they follow like sheep to the slaughter. If Pope JP2 can revise the rosary, who knows what stunts this joker will pull.\nYaall are fighting amongst each other, fighting, saying terrible things to each other about what the Bible says, and who is more right.\nJesus Christ will be coming soon. God said they will change His law. Daniel 7:25 and read Revelation 13. The beast is the papacy the pope is in control . Satan is the head of this earth. He have a short time.\nthe pope definitely got told to say this.\nhe has been given this message by a higher being, but what he ( dose ?- dosent ? ) know is who that being is.\nit just docent make sense. if the pope is the mediator of god he should have complete faith in him.\nbut when he comes out and says that god told him to change the commandments it means that\ngod is a lire or that ? well god is a lier. if thats so then what would be the point of a pope?\nbecause his main objection to being the mediator of god is to proclaim the word of the bible.\nbut if the bibles a lie well we dont need a pope.\nThe papecy is Rome the anti Christ is the pope. Read Daniel chapter 7  8  and Revelation 13 it explain it self  about the beast.  Satan confuce the world. The whole world is wondering after the beast.\nRevelation 22:18 & 19 I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book : If anyone adds anything to them, God will add to him the plagues described in this book. And if anyone takes words away from this book of prophecy, God will take away from him his share in the tree of life and in the holy city, which are described in this book.\nNo One, no matter who they are, nor of what religion, has a right to change the Word of God in any way. That is actually written in the Word, by the Lord God Himself. There are severe consequences for doing so. Plain and simple. You read it, you study it, you obey it, you apply it to your life, you breathe it, you live it, you drink it in. But you never ever mess with it or change it. God gave us free will to choose between Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior or not. Which means if you dont choose Christ, you choose Satan. Thats the choice we are given with the plan of salvation. Thats the choice, life eternal, or eternal separation from God. We make the choice, period. No one makes it for us, God doesnt send people to hell. We make a choice. God isnt rude, Hes a total gentleman, He stands at the door and knocks. He never pounds the door down. Its our choice to open the door to Him and let Him in. God is merciful and gracious, loving, kind, patient. If He werent all of those things, it would have been over a long time ago. But it isnt. Because of Gods immense love. Dont change Gods Word. Fall in love with it.\nPeople seem to be under the impression that theres a holy father. The Bible says in Matthew 23:9 And do not call anyone on earth father, for you have one Father, and he is in heaven.\nTheres a lot of people who forget that nor do they understand that. No one is to be called father or reverend. There is only One worthy of those titles. He is in Heaven. My Holy Father is God the Father. He sent His one and only Son to walk the streets of this earth, to be man, to be a servant, to teach us, to love us. He sent His Holy Spirit to comfort us, convict us, to help us. My Heavenly Father sent His Son to die on the Cross for my sins. Jesus was spit on, flogged, beaten. He wasnt recognizable after they were through with Him. It wasnt like the pictures in the books. Jesus was beaten and flogged to the point that His flesh was hanging off Him, He was bruised and swollen to the point that He could barely stand, let alone carry His cross. Jesus wasnt recognizable when those who tortured Him were finished. The Bible says that by His stripes we are healed. People need to read and study and learn their Bible. Maybe this world wouldnt be in the sad shape its in if everyone did.\nMy dear friends in Christ and ever body I know Get ready cuz\nI believe this is the beginning of Tribulations!!.for Real!!!. Why?? The Pope has just but himself above God or at least along side Him in power, and the masses have approved!!  Any questions?? OK,  Europe has just signed their death warrant as free Nations, by receiving 10, of thousands of Muslin refugees, MOSTLY MENSINGLE MEN MEN THAT HAVE BEEN WITH ISIS.. MUSLIMS WHO LOVE AND LIVE BY THE SHARIA LAW. WAR ANYBODY??\nAmerica ..REMEMBER!!++++  Anybody who wants to receive any more Muslims, (like Obama wants to do) is an ENEMY of freedom and the American way of LIFE!!  The world is going to hell in a handbasket, it doesnt need any more help. Pray for strength to endure the times ahead of us!!  Tribulations will not be easy, and most Christians believe the rapture is before said event. I dont.!!     Every indication is that all believers will be tested just like God tested the 12 Disciples. they didnt just go to Heaven. NO!! they were killed, assassinated butchered, hung, heads cut off and crucified. But they all held there faith!!.. I believe it will be expected of us, all Christians!!?? Blessings :>)\nThis is false news. Nobody adds or subtract from the word of God. The word of God is perfect. No need to revise. It applies to all generation. The revision favors same sex marriage and allows adultery. If you revise the 10 commandment you need to revise the whole bible. Gods laws are written in the hearts of Gods children. They will know if the words come from God or from the Devil. Be vigilant at all times. The Devil will use media and internet for deception.\nYes its true Pope Constantine did change it in AD 321. He removed the fourth commandment the 7thSabbath commandment. Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13. You could read the whole chapter of Daniel 7 & 8 and show you who the beast is. May God open your eyes\nPlease go Vatican news and confirm. This is outright lies aimed at tarnishing d Popes image. I really wonder what this ilsep12 whos championing this hatred against d papacy and the Catholic church wants to achieve. May God forgive u.\nThe Bible tell us so Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13. I hate nobody the things people do God hate. I just let you know the truth and the truth set you free. Jesus Christ is coming soon. Satan blind the whole world. God will bruise his head Genesis 3:15\nsigns of the times have come to pass meaning God is coming soon!\nThe bible tells us clearly not to add or subtract.\nLets get prepared 4 the 2nd advent!\nWhat are you? A troll? Ever since this topic has been raised, all you do is post the exact same thing every time. Either be original & creative posting different responses, or just stop cutting and pasting the same lame response. I  for sure am not the only one hearing your post sounding like a parrot or a broken record.\nRight, maybe the focus should now be on BO & the pope to see what comes out of his visit to DC.  Is it about declaring the NWO?  Who knows, anything can happen, times are very uncertain now.\nThe bible says in Revelation the whole world is wondering after the beast. The Lord Jesus Christ is coming soon. We have to be obedient till death. Receive the Mark of God or the mark of the Beast , Satan. Two choices we have to serve the Sunday law The Beast Satan or the  4th commandment of God The Seventh Day Sabbath, Saturday. I want the mark of GOD , SABBATH. Help to be obedient to our GOD, FATHER AND HOLY SPIRIT. AMEN\nMr. preacher, who told you that the Sabbath is the Mark of God  and the name of the Holy One of Israel is not god but YHVH  Read the Scriptures, He clearly said that He hates being called by the names of Baalim (gods) and that when He come He will take the names of those Baal gods out of the our mouths and put His Name in our mouths.\nRe Shabbat (Sabbath) this is first one of the 7 Divine Appointments to be followed,\ndo you follow these?  I dont think so, because you are a 7th day adventist who follow the self-proclaimed prophetess (false prophet) Ellen White  you guys have your own twisted translation of the of the bible  you do not follow Torah that Yahshua the Savior specifically said: If you want to follow ME, deny yourself of the worldliness   (that includes all stupid man-made religions)  pick up your cross and follow ME.  preacher learn to follow Yahshua HaMashiach practice it, and then preach what you learn.\nYes Im. I believe in the true God. I pray that God will touch your heart . The HOLY BIBLE is the true word of GOD. KING JAMES VERSION,  This world is evil. Satan is blinding people. STUDY DANIEL AND REVELATION for yourself. Go on amazingdiscovery.org Walter Veith was a Catholic, atheist. Jesus said think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets: I am not to destroy, but to fulfill. Matthew 5:17     Whoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whatever shall do and teach them, the same shall called great in the kingdom of heaven. Matthew 5:19.\nListen my friend, I dont want to be harsh to you nor to anyone here but the truth is you are following a false prophet Ellen White.  The teachings are not in line with Yahshua or the Apostles.  You guys have discarded the Old Covenant saying it is for the Jews and not for us which is wrong.  I know of 7-day-adventist who literally hate the Jewish people, how can you hate the Jews and love Yahshua (Jesus) for Jesus is a Jew and not a Christian or Catholic.  So if you want to preach, you`ve got to study and preach right from Genesis to Revelation  you guys dont even believe much in the book of Revelation and say it is not literal but a metaphor. You dont even know what is the Mark of YHVH and here you are trying to teach me.  Sorry I dont need your preaching, it makes no sense, it is false teaching.  I advise you to Follow the ToraH and be saved for ToraH is the MARK OF YHVH.\nI do agree Walter Veith`s explanation on Catholicism is well researched and taught in videos but then again he is walking in the wrong direction just like you.  So seek the Truth.\nRev 22:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\nYe shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the Lord your God which I command you. (Deut. 4:2.)\nWhat thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt not add thereto, nor diminish from it. (Deut. 12:32.)\nPlease kindly help me with the link of the videos of Pope Francis live sermon on Gods instructions to revise the ten commandments please.  Thanks\nNO ONE in this world can change GODs  COMMANDMENTSNO BODYWhat God Wants thy will be doneRevelation 22:18-20 This is my solemn attestation to all who hear the prophecies in this book: if anyone adds anything to them, God will add to him every plague mentioned in the book;\n19 if anyone cuts anything out of the prophecies in this book, God will cut off his share of the tree of life and of the holy city, which are described in the book.\n21 May the grace of the Lord Jesus be with you all. Amen.   Matthew 24: 1-15 1 Jesus left the Temple, and as he was going away his disciples came up to draw his attention to the Temple buildings.\n2 He said to them in reply, You see all these? In truth I tell you, not a single stone here will be left on another: everything will be pulled down.\n3 And while he was sitting on the Mount of Olives the disciples came and asked him when they were by themselves, Tell us, when is this going to happen, and what sign will there be of your coming and of the end of the world?\n6 You will hear of wars and rumours of wars; see that you are not alarmed, for this is something that must happen, but the end will not be yet.\n9 Then you will be handed over to be tortured and put to death; and you will be hated by all nations on account of my name.\n14 This good news of the kingdom will be proclaimed to the whole world as evidence to the nations. And then the end will come.\nAMEN. LET US HOLD ON THE WORD OF GOD . JESUS CHRIST OUR SAVIOR WANT US TO BE OBEDIENT TILL THE END.\nWhen God created heaven and earth there were no Jews,Sabbath day was instituted by God Himself at creation.Where did people get the idea that Sabbath is for the Jews.Genesis2.1-3 there were no Jews in the institution of Sabbath.\nThis is some very sick trolling. This is the biggest troll I have encountered, and I look for trolls! Know your shit people! This is like the onion but covers it up and pretends to be real.  I like sick jokes, but shit. This is totally unethical!\nThe Pope is a stupid fool to amend the Commandments. Who the fuck is him to do that? Anyway, God will fight his own fight. Tell him Im in West Africa, Ghana, Accra and I say  Pope, you are indeed the Beast that the Bible has been prophesying about. And I say, I will never and ever obey that your stupid amendment. May God burn u alive. You are a disgrace to the catholic church. Come and see what your congregation in Ghana are saying about you. Studip blood thirsty vampire. Go kiss your Mums ass. Mother fucker \nMatthew 7:21\nNot everyone who says to me, Lord, Lord, shall enter the Kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father in heaven. Many will say to Me in that day, Lord Lord, have we not prophesied in Your name, cast out demons in Your name? And then I will declare to them,  I never knew you; depart from Me, you who practice lawlessness!\nRevelation 22:14\nBlessed are those who do His commandments, that they may have the right to the tree of life, and may enter through the gates into the city. But outside are dogs and sorcerers and sexually immoral and murderers and idolaters,  and whoever loves and practices a lie.\nRevelation 22:18-21\nFor I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophesy of this book:  If anyone adds to these things,  God will add to him the plagues that are written in this book; and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophesy, God shall take away his part from the Book of Life, from the holy city, and  from the things which are  written in this book.\nHe who testifies to these things says, Surely I am coming quickly.\nAmen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus!\nThe grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. \nRead Three Angels message: Revelation:14\n* Special attention to verse 12 :  Here is the patience of the saints; here are those who keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus.\nStudy these. Jesus is at hand, simple advice do not listen to any man, Read the bible and seek Lords help, the Helper is always there to help us. May God bless you\nSir,\nPlease quote the authenticity of this news of your press or organization regarding Pope  announcing that the ten commandment correction.\nPlease clarify with detailed information such as when where and witnesses videos audios etc .\nThe truth is in  GODS HOLY WORD THE BIBLE. Read Daniel 7 : 25 and Revelation 13. The papecy is the pope Anti- Christ . Vatican Rome and United States are in prophecy\nGo on YouTube and watch WALTER VEITH his ministry , amazingdiscovery.org and YouTube Leopard Vision, The Seventh Day.  May God bless you while you read His word.\nI am not convinced about the authenticity of this news of pope amending being discussed before confirming with evidence that pope had intimated to any congregation about he being instructed by God to amend the Ten commandment.\nIf anybody who had witnessed this speech of pope or having any audio or video clip please post such evidences instead of just assuming or forwarding someone elses rumours.\nPlease be civilized and divine natured.\nI welcome any concrete evidence backing this News not any scripture references and verses etc.!\nThanks\nWhich of his sermon did Pipe announced to Christian all around the world where was it ? And When ? .\nPlease post that clip !\nHonesty is a rich and costly gift and cannot be expected by cheap means!\nPoint to ponder !\nPhiladelphia means Brotherly Love !\nWhy God says to love your neighbor as you love  yourself! ?\nIt is because if you love yourself first, you will not allow yourself to go to Hell!  And as you love yourself you will obey the commands of God with ease .\nIt because of this God says that you love yourself first and then your neighbor.\nRev 3:7-12\nThese are the words of him who is holy and true, (Jesus Christ), who holds the key of David. What he (Jesus) opens no one can shut, and what he shuts no one can open. I (Jesus) know your deeds. See, I have placed before you an open door that no one can shut. I (Jesus) know that you have little strength, yet you have kept my word and have not denied my name. I         (Jesus) will make those who are of the synagogue of Satan, who claim to be Jews though they are not, but are liars-  I will make them come and fall down at your feet and acknowledge that I have loved you. Since you have kept my command to endure patiently, I will also keep you from the hour of trial that is going to come upon the whole world to test those who live on the earth.\nI am coming soon. Hold on to what you have, so that no one will take your crown. Him who overcomes I will make a pillar in the temple of my God. Never again will he leave it. I will write on him the name of my God and the name of the city of my God, the new Jerusalem, which is coming down out of heaven from my God; and I will also write on him my name.!  \nPoints :\n1.Jesus Christ is Holy and true.\n2. He has the authority and power.\n3. He has kept the door  open.\n Now the door is open because He knows your deeds, He knows that we have little strength, yet we have kept His word (logos or thought of God) and not denied His name (Resolve today to keep Jesuss words and not deny his name.) Now as the door is kept open we can have the following :\na) Vision  Revelations of the throne of God.\nb) Blessing will overflow.\nc) We can Evangelize the divine experience.\nd) We can have Communion with God.\nd) Jesus will make Satan fall at our feet.\ne) Jesus will strengthen us at the hour of our trials. ( Strengthen our faith to take deep root to stand firm like bamboo tree never to fall).\nf) Jesus will make as the pillar in the temple of his God. When we overcome by enduring with patience and hold on to the Jesuss word.\ng) Jesus will write on us the name of His God and the name of the city of His God, the new Jerusalem and also will write Jesuss new name !\nSo,\nHe who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches.\n Amen, Hallelujah !\n Praise our God, all you his servants, you who fear him, both small and great !.\n Hallelujah !\nFor our Lord God Almighty reigns.\nLet us rejoice and be glad and give him glory !\nThank you Lord Jesus for this enlightenment !\nThis is a phony article.  Stop pushing lies and satire as real news and confusing people.  It serves no good purpose.\nMatthew 24:10-12\nAt that time many will fall away and will betray one another and hate one another. Many false prophets will arise and will mislead many. Because lawlessness is increased, most peoples love will grow cold.\nYou shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free.The Lord Jesus Christ said.(John 8:32)\nIf you abide in my word you will trury be my disciples. The Lord Jesus Christ said.( John 8:31).The word of God and His Holy son the anoited of  God even Jesus Christ is the only means that clarifies any issue that boders on any spiritual matter. (2 Timothy 3:16). Paul the Apostle, a man gloss endowed with the Holy Ghost admonished Timothy to seriously study the word of God so that he could be approved of God and be able to accurately analise and apply Gods word.(1 Timothy 4:11-16). Space may not allow to do much exposition of the mysteries surrounding this controverse of the papacy office. But the best counsel given to any person who really loves God and His Son and Lord our Saviour Jesus Christ is read the bible with a sober and open mindedness and the truthful and faithful God will reveal the truth about the man of perdition recorded in the Bible. (2 Thess.2). Brothers, the only way that will enable you know who perdicious agent of Lucifar is, is when you begin to see apostacy taking place and the evil man wanting to enter the temple of the most High God. Read the book of prophet Isaiah (Isa. 14:12-19. Rev. 17:1-18. Dan 7:2-12.2Thess. 2:2-12).\nDear brothers just be sober, prayerful and alert that you are not deceived.\nNote this fact. In the year 1989, the late pope Paul II came to Zambia, and the inscription on the veils was  POPE JOHN PAUL II CHRIST OUR HOPE. And in his address to the catholic followers resident in Zambia and the world at large that followed his proceedings, he constantly made himself syninomous to the Lord Jesus Christ as He quoted the holy scripture of the gospel of saying whoever have seen me have seen the father.\nThe question is, What did he imply when made this remark?\nThis is the sickest garbage I have ever seen , I guess he is the The Bad Pope that is in Catholic Prophesy!\nThis is the sickest garbage I have ever seen , I guess he is the The Bad Pope that is in Catholic Prophesy! No I havent said that !\nNo man of which the pope is, is allowed to change anything he is a liar and the devil a liar from beginning.God did not instruct him.hes a liar and he knows he is lying\nVery interesting story about what the pope said   I headed another story that God will be reannouncing himself ,soon enough as the One and only REAL God to humanity.\nMy god is too big for you to deceive me and mine like this. Go fly a kite. The peoples pope tisk,tisk when was god taken out of the equation!? Prayers for this earth\nMalachi 3:6 says I am the Lord and I change not Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ,the same yesterday,today and forever! The Pope is in big time trouble with Yahweh for changing his wordread what the early church Father Hippolytus(not catholic father)wrote about this new Pope, hes gonna deceive many people and lead them to hell,it says that even the very elect can be deceivedYahweh God help us to see your pure truth thats not tainted by false religionsif people can just understand that Yahshuah taught the people in parables and mysteries (secrets)and without a parable he did not teach them the bible saysthats how we can know his voiceYahshuah said that my sheep hear my voice so if we cant understand parables and mysteries then there is no way we belong to him.The whole bible is a parable and if we try and just understand it like a history book then we dont have ears to hear like YAHWEH told all the prophets to tell the people to get.The true prophets of God teach parables and mysteries(Amos 3:7,Revelation 10:7) Anyone who says theyre a prophet and cant teach the mysteries of YAHWEH is a false prophet The true prophets of YAHWEH who teach his mysteries can only get the people ready,not pastors or catholic priests or denominations or popes or anyone who follow twisted teachers Yahshuah said that many will come to me in that day and say Lord,Lord didnt we do all these miracles signs and wonders in your name and hes gonna say depart from me you workers of iniquity, I never knew you! Iniquity in Hebrew is Ayin lamed,the Ayin is a pictograph of an eye or twisted rope and the lamed is a pictograph of a staff which means teaching so those two letters put together means twisted teachings!So watch out for wolves in sheeps clothing like the Pope and false religions that dont even know the voice of YAHWEHtheyre hearing the voice of Satan (Lucifer). In the book of Revelation it talks about the Babylonian harlot which is symbolic to the dead religious systems at the end of the age who have no revelation and how she rides the beast.The number of the beast is not a computer chip implanted in peoples foreheads or hands ,the beast is when people understand Yahwehs word with a fleshly carnal beastly understanding and that goes for anyone not just one person.And the name Lucifer in Hebrew means the king of Babylon! The anti-christ is ANYONE that doesnt believe and follow Yahwehs Prophetic word like his parables and mysteries!\nI am so disturbed by this,  the 10 commandments have been around since Moses returned from the mountains with them.  I dont believe he would change them now.\nGet rid of the presumptuous virtue aspect of divine that the pope embodies, and at this moment someone would be screaming to put him in an asylum for the above statement\nThis man is evil a false prophet please be careful of him least you are lost. Just follow all his steps and daily basis he does and let the Holy Spirit of God in heaven help you.\nThis man is really evil. Humbling himself in ironical manner. Is the false prophet of the end time. Just watch is steps everyday. Please brethrens be careful.\nIn Revelations we are warned that nobody should remove or add any word in Gods book of law lest he faces severe punishment. No God spoke to pope. These are the signs of the end time\nChristians open your eyes\nWhat is up with this new change, this guy doesnt do this for god he does it to make a place in history for himself, everything he is changing is actually spoke out against in the bible, so does he actually think he has the authority to change gods own written text ? Well if he is going to change the holy 10 then he is going to have to rewrite the Bible next looks like he is doing a little bit of putting himself before god and following the 7 deadly sins of the bible more than following the bible doctrine, Wow, and people argue with me all the time that man has never changed the bible or any of its meanings, case in point !\nThis is coming from the man who refused to even acknowledge LET THE CHILDREN COME TO JESUS which teaches children to put Christ first in all things and before any human, even the Pope himself.\nI think he done flipped his wig cause in the eyes of the Lord homosexuality is wrong a man who lays down with another man is lower than  a dog so sorry dont believe a word of that nonsense\nIs there no one in the Vatican who can get that fake Pope out of there before he continues to do even more damage? The guy is obviously insane. Look at this world right now, we have a Muslim tyrant in charge of the White House in America and an utterly insane person in place as Pope. Two total inept, inadequate, unprepared, unqualified people in charge. And nobody with any sense making them step down and get out. Unbelievable.\nThis pope is false , and the Lord said do not add or take away anything from his word , because it is an abomination!\nthe old commandments or directives were not meant to be literally written in stone but as guidelines for the followers of Abraham and I think the Jewish people then; but the Jews rejected God in the being of Jesus Christ and the Jews crucified God out of their hatred for God and his sacred word, because Jesus exposed the pretence of the Jewish priests or pharisees who enjoyed all the good things in life and used their position to impose hardship on the poor, So the Jews rejected God and the disciples of Jesus went to preach to the pagans in surrounding countries who were more receptive to the good news of salvation won for all people by the sacrifice of Christ on the cross, which opened the mercy and grace from heaven for all mankind, which had been lost by the disobedience of Adam and Eve. Because the Jews crucified God, they are no longer Gods chosen people and the Jews should stop bleating that God gave them lands that they stole from their true owners the Palestinians. If the rest of the world behaved like the  Jews over land which they allege was theirs over two thousand years ago the world would be full of wars and murder. We all have to share and help each other and the world is simply one community and our lives here are short.\nThe pope very well could be telling the truth Spiritual thoughts come threw to the left side of the brain ,connected to his own human thinking from the right side Feeling is the most important thing to notice between the two sides So I wouldnt call him a lier when I assume he knows the difference.\nOf course real Christians are not under law, including the Decalogue, which was given only to Israel and not to any other nation. No one can change Gods moral law written on our hearts. So it doesnt matter even if he thinks he can change what was written in stone, and that is not to mention all the other scriptures that get nullified by his changes. \nSo, ecclesiastically speaking, this is historical  an historical blunder, not to mention all the sculptures and reliefs on buildings that have to be changed. \nthis so called servant of God should realize that the Bible says God is NEVER changing and the same today yesterday and tomorrow and forevermore. so that means that the original Ten Commandments will NOT change.\nJames 1:17\nEvery good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows.\nNumbers 23:19\nGod is not human, that he should lie, not a human being, that he should change his mind. Does he speak and then not act? Does he promise and not fulfill?\nThis is crazy!  No wonder the world is going crazy!  I will keep living the ten commandments the way our Lord instructed us.  No one can change the law of God not even a pope.\nThis has to be true Its on the internet. This is crazy, I believe everything I read on the internet  now.\nIf you are going to bad mouth the pope and Catholicism at least write something true. Dont make up things to help you convert people away from the true church. The article you read is a hoax internet article, which proves that you do not check your source instead you jump at the chance to do the devils work.\nRomans 16:17 was referring to people like you who twist things in order to fit their belief and lead people astray.\nInstructed by God ?\nExtra-biblical = cultic practice .\nWitness Mormon Islam etc\n changing the Word of God means changing Jesus  !\nCan not be done .\nHis Word stands UNCHANGED forever.!\nYou are so full of it Did God talk to you? I dont have God call me directly, God himelf  wrote the 10 commandments\nyou have to be kidding!\nif this is real he will be burned alive by real Christians as the false prophet.i myself will wage war against him.\nAre you done making stuff up?! Im not a Roman Catholic, however Francis sure isnt as bad as you claim. Do you fact check before you write?\nhttp://www.snopes.com/pope-changing-commandments/\nGod gave a command not to add to or take away from this Holy of books.God have mercy on his soul.\nThis is ABSOLUTE SACRILEGE. If you take the time to research the violent and bloody history of the Catholic Church, you will find more than enough evidence that the Roman church set itself up to be above all othersnot by Gods command, but by their own quest for power.  For hundreds of years the Roman church exterminated ANYONE who would not follow the churchs MAN-MADE laws. They have never followed Gods Commandments, which God Himself said were for all time  Anyone who continues to be aligned with the Catholic church should realize that they are following the commands of satan.  Get out NOW! The time is growing short before Jesus will return.\nREAD THE BIBLEnot the Catholic version! May God have mercy on all who have fallen under the false teachings of the Roman church.\n18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:\n19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\nOnly satan can give you that power to change GOD`s comandments !!! You know your future Pope I`m sorry for you!\nWell. I guess we finally are in the end times. What more could you possibly need to evidence the end of times? When you try to edit Gods Commandments. The single most immutable law in the entirety of Gods Law.\nThis is an abomination and clearly shows the pope has no idea of the scriptures at all. He might as well say that he is going to change the way the universe works because it was created by Gods Word.His word is perfect and we need to understand it and we will see that everything is in there. His word is Ye and Amen, every jot and tittle.\nThis is an abomination and clearly shows the pope has no idea of the scriptures at all. He might as well say that he is going to change the way the universe works because it was created by Gods Word.His word is perfect and we need to understand it and we will see that everything is in there. His word is Ye and Amen, every jot and tittle. Dont mess with what you clearly have no understanding of.\nTHE POPE IS THE ANTI-CHRIST\nDaniel 7:25\nAnd he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.\nCan you please site sources if available. Id like to post on a site I moderate on, but without sources I wont be able to do so.\nThanks.\nNick M.\nHe is not the leader of all Christians period, his rewriting will land him in hell!  Hes already a false profit and maybe even the anti Christ period !!\nThis man is such a laugh. Yeah right God doesnt talk to this manlol. Hes an antichrist and in his way to hell if he doesnt repent.\nThe Pope has no right adding a new commandment, God only has that right. If anyone changes Gods word is considered a false prophet. This tells me that you are asking people to follow mans customs. I rather stand with God and be judged by man than stand with man and be judged by God\nSeriously. God is God and never changes. He will not speak to anyone and tell them anything that involves taking away from his word or adding to it  How can a man who calls himself Holy even have such ideas  Satan is the source of this and I am one who will stand for my rights as a Christian who believes in Gods word and will live to the best of my ability for Christ and the true written words of the Bible\nThis is a joke right?  No possible way this lunatic truly believes that is gods will.  To each their own and all but, homosexuality is a sin against nature also known as god the creator.  Man and man can not create life, they cannot reproduce.  If life were meant for homosexuality our species would have suffered immediate extinction.  Homosexuality is a direct violation of the law of nature.  How can this possibly be permitted or acceptable in the eyes of the creator, homosexuality completely defies the nature in which we were created by God and or   a violation of the laws in which we evolved.  Take your pick but either way it defies what we are.  The reason behind having male and female instead of only male.  Come on people, wake up.\nIs he going to change the part where it say that if any man changes Gods word Revelations 22:18 I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: If anyone adds anything to them, God will add to the person the plagues described in this book.  God said no one is to change his word.\nThe god the Pope worships and hears is not the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; nor the God of Moses. The god of the pope is the same one who beheads people, tortures people and rapes children. Now we can clearly see that all child molesters stick together. \nThe Messiah has already come, he died on the cross for our sins and rose from the dead, we no longer have to live under the law. We can simply confess our sins in prayer and believe Jesus was the Messiah in our hearts and thru prayerthat is all it takes to be saved. Read your bible, pray to God about everything. He loves us and wants to talk to us directly. \n821 Social Street\nThis person is insane and should be committed to an institution. Now hes going to make himself a God. God almighty is now going to revise His ten commandments and allow same sex parenting when the book of Romans says that because of their not acknowledging the one true God He gave men and women up to their vile passions and lust. But, most catholics dont read or know or believe in the bible anyway. He is another anti-Christ in sheeps clothing. All he advocates is perverted. If this socialist believes tha we should spread the wealth, then he had better start giving away all the hidden treasures that the Catholic church has stolen over the centuries.\nNow heres something to make ones head spin! I serve and worship the Living GOD, who is the same today, yesterday, and forever. Revelation 12:17 is clearly states, And the dragon was enraged with the woman, and went off to make war with the rest of her offspring, WHO KEEP THE COMMANDMENTS OF GOD AND HOLD TO THE TESTIMONY OF JESUS. (Hebrew name Yahshua).\nRevelation 22: 18-19 I testify to everyone who HEARS the words of the prophecy of this book: if ANYONE adds to them, GOD shall add to him the plagues which are written in this BOOK; and if ANYONE takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part from the Tree of Life and from the holy city, which are written in this book. The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all. Amen\nOpen your eyes people, its high time to leave the rcc and Sunday churchs.  Prophecy is being fulfilled in front of your very eyes. The papacy is the little horn on the 4th beast in the book of Daniel. 23. Thus he said, The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces. KJV  Daniel 7:23\n24. And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. KJV  Daniel 7:24\n25. And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time. KJV  Daniel 7:25\n26. But the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end. KJV  Daniel 7:26\n27. And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him. KJV  Daniel 7:27.\nGod will destroy the rcc and all who are with her.\nWell when you are influenced by the devil i would expect nothing less. ready for this false religion to be smited. Ready for Jehovahs/Yahwehs Kingdom not the sith lord baal bitch pope\nWhat?\nSo what is next? burn all bibles of the world? Tear all Exodus chapter 20 page? Or just will add this notes on my bible as an update?!?\nCrazy man. It seems you have never read the last chapter of Revelations Or, you just dont care. I think its this last one.\nOur God is the same yesterday today and forever! His words in the 1st year of creation are as valid as it was even in the 1millionth year till infinity! Every other thing will pass away but His words will always stand. God never makes a mistake. Our Lord Jesus did not even reword the commandments, He came to fulfill them. Let he who has ears hear.\nAre you serious?How can anyone think they have the right to change the 10 commandments and especially a man and i dont care if you are the Pope but the way i read the Bible you might just be sending yourself to burn in hell forever and you are the Pope.What is this world coming to? In my opinion the wrath of God will be upon us before long because i dont see how he will continue letting things like this happen in his name.\nWow, and Im George Washington disguised as a woman!  What a dumb ass article  not that I like Pope Francis stance on anything really, but none of this crap happened..\n1Now the Holy Spirit tells us clearly that in the last times some will turn away from the true faith; they will follow deceptive spirits and teachings that come from demons. 2These people are hypocrites and liars, and their consciences are dead.\nEvery word of God proves true; he is a shield to those who take refuge in him. Do not add to his words, lest he rebuke you and you be found a liar. \nYou shall not add to the word that I command you, nor take from it, that you may keep the commandments of the Lord your God that I command you. \nI warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: if anyone adds to them, God will add to him the plagues described in this book, \nEverything that I command you, you shall be careful to do. You shall not add to it or take from it. \nAnd if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God will take away his share in the tree of life and in the holy city, which are described in this book. \nFor false christs and false prophets will arise and perform great signs and wonders, so as to lead astray, if possible, even the elect.\nEvery word of God proves true; he is a shield to those who take refuge in him. Do not add to his words, lest he rebuke you and you be found a liar. \nYou shall not add to the word that I command you, nor take from it, that you may keep the commandments of the Lord your God that I command you. \nI warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: if anyone adds to them, God will add to him the plagues described in this book, \nEverything that I command you, you shall be careful to do. You shall not add to it or take from it. \nAnd if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God will take away his share in the tree of life and in the holy city, which are described in this book. \nFor false christs and false prophets will arise and perform great signs and wonders, so as to lead astray, if possible, even the elect.\nThis is the blasfeim the bible worns us against. As it says in Mathew 5:18\nFor truly I tell you, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished.\nMatthew 5:18 NIV\nhttp://bible.com/111/mat.5.18.niv\nThis is the words of Jesus. Saying The law of God. I.e. The 10 commandments can not change. Not even one stroke of a pen. Not one little letter.   That means. Once spoken by God. Not even God Himself can change it.\nFor the pope to be so bold as to go against the Word of God. And change the words of Gods law. That is blasfeim. That is absolutely Anti Christ. And yes it is a sign of the mark of the beast\nAlas Babylon!  The Church Rome finally starts to kick in the End of Times with this sorry S.O.B. black eye ringed unholy man\nRevelations 22:19 tells us\nAnd if anyone takes words away from this scroll of prophecy, God will take away from that person any share in the tree of life and in the Holy City, which are described in this scroll.\nGod is not going to come to anyone and alter the 10 Commandments. This should be an outrage to anyone of the Christian faith. This man is a fraud, and to lie and say God told him to Alter the commandments he set for all of humanity till the end of time is an outrage.\nIf god wanted the 10 Commandments to be altered he would have done so through Jesus. I am very well in my faith and down need to change for political reasoning.  \nI will not be part of a fake commandment.\nthere are 10 Commandments not 11 and to alter them is a disgrace\nYou shall have no other gods before Me.\nYou shall not make idols.\nYou shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain.\nRemember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.\nHonor your father and your mother.\nYou shall not murder.\nYou shall not commit adultery.\nYou shall not steal.\nYou shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.\nYou shall not covet.\nThe Lord thy God Would NEVER change the 10 commandments!!!! They are scriptural ! The Lord states , they are to be followed.\nHe the Lord knows each day before we live it as we have already have lived them. So, he knows whats ahead of us. It has already happened! He created us! He created this world ! He is our father, our Abba , Papa the beginning and the end.. He knows whats to come. No reason to change to adapt . This is so not of the Lord,\nMakes my stomach sick to think he would do this!!!\nOur Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ is Coming!!!!!!! The end is here!!! The anti-Christ is here!!!!\nYET ANOTHER SIGN OF THE GREAT BLASPHEMY OF THE PAPACY.  PROPHESY PREDICTED SUCH ACTIONS BY THE INSTRUMENT OF THE GREAT DECEIVER.  THIS ACTION SHOULD ENCOURAGE TRUE BELIEVERS IN CHRIST JESUS TO LEAVE THE ROMAN CHURCH AND TO BECOME CHRISTIANS.\nThe problem is the pope is listening to the god of this world, Satan! Hes telling Us that God makes mistakes? I dot think so. Christians and muhammadismists dont share the same God! Rick Warren and the rest that believe these evil forces can assimilate with society is wrong! Judgement is coming with Jesus Christ, the only begotten Son of God!\nThe Pope is a false teacher and God himself will deal with this lying pope. The Devil is a deceiver and the father of lies. ..no such thing as a eleven commandments.the Pope should be ashamed of himself leading millions of people astray. Jesus Christ is Lord and He is soon to come!\nThats the problem God doesnt go back on his word first things first God made Adam and eve not Adam and Steve. I do believe God loves homosexuals but does not condone such behavior.smh such blasphemy\nBlasphemy. Gods Word says:  You shall not add to the word which I command you, neither shall ye take away from it, that you may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you. Deut. 4:2\nFor I testify unto every man that hears the words of the prophecy of this book,if any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of The Book of Life, and out of the Holy City, and from the things which are written in this book. Rev. 22:18,19.\nJesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever. Heb 14:8.\nYou have to decide, are you going to follow God and his Word, or are you going to follow fallible man who changes Gods Word. I pray you make the right choice. By the way, the 10 Commandments this pope is using from the Catholic Catechism has already been changed. The 2nd Commandment about idols has been removed, moving the 4th commandment about the Sabbath, into 3rd and changing it, then splitting the 10th commandment about covetousness into 2 to keep 10. To read Gods real Commandments go to Exodus 20:3-17.\nFALSE prophet, deceiver, one of the antchrists! Ten commands are only Gods(JHWH, God of Abram, Isac and Joseph)and they are already written in Holy Bible.\n*** If if in fact this particular article is deemed False  I will tell you that for your information it has already happened!!\nSurprised?  Just study up on Constantine He was emperor of Rome from AD 306 to 337. He was a sun worshiper during the first years of his reign. Later, he professed conversion to Christianity, but at heart remained a devotee of the sun. \nConstantine created the earliest Sun Day law known to history in AD 321. It says this:\nOn the venerable Day of the sun let the magistrates and people residing in cities rest, and let all workshops be closed. In the country, however, persons engaged in agriculture may freely and lawfully continue their pursuits: because it often happens that another Day is not so suitable for grain sowing or for vine planting: lest by neglecting the proper moment for such operations the bounty of heaven should be lost.\nChambers Encyclopedia says this:\nUnquestionably the first law, either ecclesiastical or civil, by which the Sabbatical observance of that Day is known to have been ordained, is the edict of Constantine, 321 A.D.\nFollowing this initial legislation, both emperors and Popes in succeeding centuries added other laws to strengthen Sunday observance. What began as a pagan ordinance ended as a Christian regulation. Close on the heels of the Edict of Constantine followed the Catholic Church Council of Laodicea (circa 364 AD):\nChristians shall not Judaize and be idle on Saturday (Sabbath), but shall work on that Day: but the Lords Day, they shall especially honour; and as being Christians, shall, if possible, do no work on that day. If however, they are found Judaizing, they shall be shut out from Christ.\n**Later the actual TEN COMMANDMENTS were literally changed by the Church of Rome\nIf you look up Catholic Ten Commandments verses the Biblical TEN you will see they made some major switches!\nTotal blasphemy.\nPeace.\nwhen he says God, he means Allah, who is SATAN (he sold his soul and will probably buddy-up with the anti-Christ when the time comes)\nGod does not change His Commandments. He gave us commandments that we may know His Will by them and change our ways, valuing His Grace and Mercy that keeps us safe against all temptations.\nI guess that Posing as news as long as it is jokingly funny is the new Journalism.  I find this aspect of Social Media as not much media and anti social.  When such a story is posted it would be better off as a comic strip or to include the disclaimer, Not Real News.  It never ceases to amaze me what people will do for money, expecially on the internet.\nThis is the best pope i ever heard of and what hes doing is the best thing i ever heard of\nHe is Satanic. He sold his soul to Satan (Allah) and shown that by how he wants to create Chrislam, a one-world-religion for a New World Order.\nHello, I hate to break it to you, but the Fourth Commandment tells us to Remember the Sabbath Day and keep it holy. The Fifth commandment tells us to honor our mother and Father. Since two new commandments were added, and there will be a total of eleven commandments, does this mean that the original Fourth Commandment (Remember the Sabbath) has been removed?\nJust wondering.\nTHIS IS SATAN NOT GOD!HE IS JUST A MAN WITH NO AUTHORITY FROM GOD!GOD IS THE SAME YESTERDAY,TODAY AND FOREVER AND HIS WORD IS ETERNAL!!THIS MAN MADE POPE IS HILARIOUS..REALLY!PRAY FOR HIM HES LOST TO MONEY,GREED,POWER,NWO,PEDOPHILIA,MURDER,SATANIC RITUALS,SATAN!!!!\nit is ludicrous to think that mortal man can change the laws of the Creator of this universe. These are laws which God personally wrote in stonea copy of His original set of the Ten Commandments that remain unchanged in the heavenly sanctuary which John saw in Revelation.\nMy answer to the Pope would be Jesus own Words found in Matthew 5:18 For verily I say unto you, till Heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no way wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.\nSo nice to meet others who oppose the decisions of the Council of Nicaea!  But which version of the Ten Commandments does The Poper intend to change?\na lot of people has use evil instruction be fore under the deception that God instructed them to do or change Gods word,the bible the word God clearly states that   no man is to change any of his scripture by adding to it or taking away from his word, we as Christians must believe& follow the whole Bible,it was Written for us to live a life pleasing to God.This is the way I believe William Moudy\n18 I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: if anyone adds to them, God will add to him the plagues which are written in this book; 19 and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God will take away his part from the tree of life and [i]from the holy city, which are written in this book.\nThis is blasphemy.  Nobody can change the 10 Commandments. God does not change centuries of His Word to accommodate human trends.  It shows how near we are to the end of time.\nHow does this new set of commandments prepare the way for receiving the Messiah and bringing forth the salvation of humanity?\nYou shall not misuse the name of the Lord your God, for the Lord will not hold anyone guiltless who misuses his name.\nMay God have mercy on his soul\nGod very clearly says that nothing must be added or removed from His Word\n2 important videos to check out https://www.intouch.org/watch/the-convictions-by-which-we-live/your-convictions-about-the-crucifixion-of-jesus-christ   &   the second on has three parts to make one  (This is whats most important, than what this article is about ) Part 1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6V5YmAUFnM0&list=WL&index=16 , Part 2  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-slK0yR6zQ and lastly Part 3  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDzwGvL4hVU .. Dont get caught up with a man for this World..\nGod said do not add to or take away from his word Pope Francis you are wrong I do not believe God told you to do this because Gods word is infalabal so Pope you are in the wrong Im not a Catholic Im a Christian and I believe in what God says and I dont believe he told you to do this\nIts a pity to the Roman Catholics\nWhen it comes to self glorification\nPope speak for the Catholics, when tarnishing the image of CHRISTIANITY he speaks on behalf of ChristiansDeception in christ\nPOPE IS AGENT OF SATAN AND NEVER HEARD THE VOICE OF GOD FOR A SECOND IN HIS LIFE AND NEVER BELIEVED IN GOD\nI heard the popes sermon at Ecuador, and there is no mention about changing the 10 Commandments. Where did you get this information? Thanks.\nUm.this is obviously satire.  Nevertheless, the fact that there are so many responses taking it seriously only demonstrates how Francis has developed a reputation for opinions and actions that fly in the face of Scripture and Tradition and is regarded worldwide as a Pope who could possibly do something like this.  Very sad time for the Church.\nYOU BETTER.READ AGAIN THE BOOK OF REVELAION, CHAPTER  22, VV 18 & 19 which states:  V18. For I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophesy of this book: if anyone adds to these things, God will add to his the plagues that are written in this book.\nV19, And if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophesy, God shall take away his part from the BOOK OF LIFE, from the Holy City, and from the things which are written in this book.\nFurther  Gods Word states in 2 Timothy, 3, vv 16 & 17: that, All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correctionn, for instruction in righteousness, V17 That the man of God may be complete, throughly equipped for every good work.\nPope, WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE TO SAY GOD SPOKE TO YOU PERSONALLY AND TOLD YOU TO CHANGE HIS WORD? \nYOU ARE A FAKE AND A FRAUD! YOU ARE A FALSE TEACHER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT  TO GOD!!!  YOU POLITICAL CORRECTNESS TO REPUDIATE GODS HOLY WORD WILL ASSURE YOU A PATHWAY TO HELL FOR MISLEADING GODS CHILDREN!!!\nDR CURTIS SMITH, that is exactly right.  When Joshua commanded Yahweh to stop the Sun and Moon in their tracks around the Earth, he invoked the authority of the Book of Jasher.  \nIts time we refudiate the Council of Nicaea!\nThey removed the missing books of the Bible!\nPut them back, Council of Nicaea!\nPut them back in the Bible!\nGoes to show the pope is nuttier than a fruitcake . God does\nNot change commandments . He didnt change for\nSodom and Gomorrah and destroyed them so why would he change now. The world  changing for the worst\nHes one sick puppy!!  NO ONE can ever change Gods Word to make live easier for the very ones who are living in sin by disobeying Gods Word!  Also, Jesus warned that NO ONE is to add or take away anything from HIS Word, or they will place on them a damnation.  These ARE the end times and its known that this pope will be used by satan to tear apart, or try to tear apart Gods teachings to ALL of mankind.\nYes, we HAVE to be saved!  No pope, priest, pastor, minister or anyone can save us  not even ourselves.  Only what Jesus did on the cross is what saves us  by receiving HIM as our Savior and Lord and giving or life to Him and Him alone!  Jesus said I am the WAY THE TRUTH AND THE LIFENO MAN COMES TO THE FATHER BUT BY ME.  Do not mess with Gods Words!!  Its so easy to go to heaven for God has made a way for us  through Jesus.  We either accept it or reject it  like a gift  and what we choose determines our eternal destination.  You choose life or death; light or darkness; eternal life or eternal damnation.  This world will burn up one day  there will be a new world and a new heaven.  Whom you choose to follow, satan or Jesus  will lead you to your eternal destination.  Give your life to God before its too late!!\nIn the eyes of God, we are all the same.  The pope is not higher than you or me.  Nor are the priests, preachers, etc.we are all the same in the eyes of God.  Choose HIM now!!!\nOne of the warning that Jesus gave to us before he leave this earth was Dont let any man deceive you and there is a lot of deception these days if people does not know their bible they will be deceive,the devil is using the pope to make us believe that God want to change his law but the book of Hebrew say that God is the same yesterday today and tomorrow.How can God change his commandment its his character and the other reason that the pope is lying to people God has already warn us that the only way to recognize a true shepherd is by the book of Isaiah 8:20 if they dont talk according to the law and the testimony there is no light in them.Its time to watch and pray\nSee how Francis chisels away at the family unit, the foundation of society.  No chain is stronger than its links.  Society is no stronger than the permanent unity of  families.  Every irreligious force such as the Bergoglio hatred of Catholic dogma in regards to what the Roman Catholic Church teaches on the family is a direct assault upon  society through families.\nOnce again, Jorge Bergoglio claimant as pope proves he heads the new religion of the post Vatican II church abusing Catholic precepts and principles. https://www.novusordowatch.org/pope-francis.htm\nWHEN GOD FIRST GAVE THEM TO MAN HE DID IT HIMSELF. BUT WHY HAS GOD ENTRUSTED ONE PERSON TODAY.HE MUST A DIFFERENT GOD IN FACT A LAZY ONE AND TOO HUMAN.\nUmm, I guess one God is not enough, we need a mere human being, trying to be another god to change the 10 Commandments, since the Heavenly Father didnt have enough sense to do it right the first time. Sorry, but that god is not my God!\nThis is awsome. It finally proves theyre hypocracy knows no bounds God the same yeserday today and forever. Hmmmm revisions would mean thats untrue But im proud of him Let the gays be miserable too everyone has the right And selfies should be punishable by hellfire for sure. Oh this is warriorreflection@gmail.com. See not shy people. No need to hide\nThe pope sounds like he needs to read The Emperors New Clothes. He needs to read the King James version of the Bible, where Jesus said not one jot or tittle would be changed.  I believe that means NOTHING in the Bible is to be altered. The 4th Commandment is about the 7th day Sabbath, not honoring parents.\nHe is leading people to believe falsehoods & will have to face God on the Judgment Day for his egregious sins and promoting Satans deceptions.\nDo not believe this liar!\nThe pope sounds like he needs to read The Emperors New Clothes. He needs to read the King James version of the Bible, where Jesus said not one jot or tittle would be changed.  I believe that means NOTHING in the Bible is to be altered. The 4th Commandment is about the 7th day Sabbath, not honoring parents.\nHe is leading people to believe falsehoods & will have to face God on the Judgment Day for his egregious sins and promoting Satans deceptions.\nDo not believe this liar! Im not shocked to see this, because the book of Daniel predicts this very action. Check out Daniel 2 and 7 for the truth.\nThis is the first time Ive seen this in the news. I sure hope and pray people will study the Bible for themselves and NOT believe this man.\nMy God never changes. I quote Jesus said though Heaven and earth shall pass away not one jot or one tittle shall change in Gods law.I will continue to keep the original Ten Commandments as they were written in stone by Gogs own hand.\nThis is a lie. Gods ten commandments were written by his own fingers. He has not given any mortal man instructions to change his law. And this man of sin will be punished for committing this great sin if he procede in leading his congregation in this abomination. Dear God help us.\nThis is a lie. Gods ten commandments were written by his own fingers. He has not given any mortal man instructions to change his law. And this man of sin will be punished for committing this great sin if he procede in leading his congregation in this abomination. Dear God help us.why doesnt he leave Gods law alone. He has already tried to change it. Compare the listed ten commandments in the holy bible against the rearrangements in the Catholicism.\nSo were you awake or in a dream when God gave you these instructions. Its so easy for man, nowadays to put God in the middle of their own elusions.\nAll i know is its about time they start upgrading that od shtick Not to mention its kina like moses who knows what was really said. Dont kill and be good to another The rest will be fine Not that hard\nThe POPE is a devil (deceiver) and LIAR like his forefather (Esau Malachi 3:7, Romans 9:13, wicked red vile beast on the earth).\nGalatians 1:8\nBut though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.\nGalatians 1:9\nAs we said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.\nJob 9:24\n24 The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?\nRevelation 12:3\nAnd there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.\nRevelation 12:4\nAnd his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.\nRevelation 12:7\nAnd there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,\nI do not believe the pope. Gods word never changes. It is the same yestetday, As is the dame todsy as it is tomorrow. Forever. The Father does not bargan, he dont make deals. And for those of you that believe he changes. Better start grom the begining.\n18 For[a] I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: If anyone adds to these things, God will add[b] to him the plagues that are written in this book;  19 and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away[c] his part from the Book[d] of Life, from the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\nOnly fools believes in religion and their lies The world is open for we to understand everything for we to understand that we are living in a lies world were selfish ambitious people made up lies for people to believe in Some cant even go back to their history and trace if what they told them in the church is it true I conquer their lies.\nIt was written long ago that the beast would attempt and think to change the law of God, we used to think that it involved only the Sabbath, I can now see how limited our application of prophesy really was,as I would have never guessed this individual to claim such distorted abomination and try to pass it on as directed from God,what an abomination no wonder the scriptures state the appearance of the man of sin who would stand in the temple and claim to be God, only God himself could change His immutable law and didnt, because if He would have, then there would have been no need for His only begotten son to die on a cross such a horrible death.\nI warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: if anyone adds to them, God will add to him the plagues described in this book, and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God will take away his share in the tree of life and in the holy city, which are described in this book.\nWe will never accept this ant Christ move.\nand by the way, I am a Catholic and I am opposed to this 100% devils job.\nHahahahahaaa this is so fake, thank you for wasting my time and showing your hate for the Catholic Church.  Now where is your fake hate article pertaining to Muslims?\nJesus came and never changed any law but fulfilled it now what is this? I am very estranged by this action by the so called a voice from God or from god?\nI do not know what God is doing in Pope Francis life in Christ. but I do know through my studies we are not suppose to change the Word of God, but with trust and belief the Word of God is suppose to change us. I am a sinner saved by grace being transformed into the likeness of Christ with the help of the Holy Spirit and the Word of God. I love God and He said,  If you love me, you will obey me. and Im thinking that this means every essence of me. The Commandments are a measuring stick to show us Christains how we fall short of the glory of God. Our grace to me is that Christ said that there is no condemnation for those in the body of Christ. and when we know we have sinned we need to ask God to help us with our unbelief, through prayer, The Holy Spirit, infallible Word of God, application of spiritual direction until we hit our marks and are delivered. Is there anything to hard for God? No! every time a person was healed in the Bible by Jesus Christ, He would say something like, thy faith has made thee whole. I dont know what God is doing with Pope Francis and He holds the highest office in the Catholic Church. But in the Kingdom of God Jesus Christ is our High Priest. I seen a article that a statue was struck of by lightning and it knocked off the thumb of Saint Peter. The thumb represents the will and I believe the authentic Bride of Christ, the church has to be willing to Love Jehovah God, whole heartedly so that we will be ready when Jesus come back. If you are sinning admit it, and go to God in prayer about it, the Bible says Work out your own soul salvation in trembling and fear ask God to forgive you and keep trying till you hit your mark and when you hit your mark share the Good news about Jesus Christ how he helped you and delivered you. Amen? I love you Evangelist Cartisha Sales. To God be the glory!\nIve never known the ten commandments to even speak on homosexuality, so where is the change other than honor thy mother, father, and parents. All of this religious stuff seem so ridiculous and tend to be a Joke.\nno MAN!! has the right to call himself God or change Gods law. such a man is the antichrist satans false god that will deceive nations tongues multitudes as is written in Daniel and Revelations. PLEASE STUDY YOUR BIBLES!!!! for your selves let no MAN deceive you.Matthew chapter 24 verse 4.and Revelation chapter 13 verse 15 to 18. The number mentioned here is 666 (vicarius filii dei) Roman numerals found in the Douay.Please use the old translations of Bibles ie KING JAMES,or NEW KING JAMES all new translations have been tampered with by the JESUITS who are connected to Papacy and knights of Malta.YOUR very salvation and eternal depends on the truth in our LORD JESUS who died for YOU on the cross. PLEASE STUDY YOUR BIBLE PRAYERFULLY. DO NOT LET ANYONE TELL YOU WHAT TO BELIEVE ALWAYS CHECK YOUR BIBLE FOR YOURSELF KEEP AWAY FROM FALSE DOCTRINES OF PAPACY.CHECK AND SEE WHAT THAT SYSTEM DID IN THE DARK AGES. THEY MURDERED FIFTY TO A HUNDRED MILLION CHRISTIANS.PLEASE BE PROTESTANTS AND PROTEST AGAINST PAPACY RULE\nThe Pontiff is the Son of the Devil for sure. This Pope is absolutely arrogant to even think he can dare to do such a thing. The Church has always thought that the Pope is on the same level as Christ. His position and title is a blasphemous one. Holy Father is Gods title not men.\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Pope Francis announced to Christians around the world that God had instructed him to \"rewrite the Ten Commandments.\""}
{"published_time": "2015-05-20T13:50:57+00:00", "title": "Pho #1,000,000 to Open in Times Square", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/05/pho-1000000-to-open-in-times-square/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Doctor YahyaKasturi, world-renownedchef, philanthropist, and internationally recognized creator of the Pho restaurantchain, is opening his one millionth location in Times Square next month. Doctor Kasturiopened Pho #1 in Catonsville, Maryland over two decades ago and has sincededicated his life tospreading Vietnamese cuisine around the world.\nWith such exotic locations as Pho #376, which opened in 2005 next to the McMurdoStation, a U.S. Antarctic research center on Ross Island, Antarctica and Pho #22,891 situated outside the Chernobyl Tourism and Information Center in central Ukraine, Dr. Kasturi, or simply Dr. Pho, as his many friends and admirers affectionately call him, says he is close to achieving culinary world-domination.\nThis reporter was cordiallyinvited to meet with Dr. Pho at his modest 110,000 square foot residence, nestled comfortably at the foot of the Marble Mountains in Vietnams De NangProvince, to discuss the grand opening of his one millionth restaurant. Over what is perhaps Dr. Phos most famous dish, Number 13, the humble doctor said, Vietnamese food, I believe, is the Fountain of Youth. This is why the Americans came in 1954; and this is why they continue to come as tourists now.\nDr. Pho said he will personally prepare the first twenty-five dishes for patrons during Pho #1,000,000s opening night in Times Square. After which, Dr. Pho will immediately leave for JFK International Airport andboard his personal jetto embark on a much-neededvacation with his loving wife and children to the white sand beaches of Belize, where they will sip PinaColadas while feasting on exquisite dishes from Pho #192,003.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Doctor Yahya Kasturi, the internationally recognized creator of the Pho restaurant chain, is opening his one millionth location in Times Square next month."}
{"published_time": "2016-07-29T13:55:03+00:00", "title": "Armed Citizen Hailed a Hero for Stopping Mass Shooter, Three Dead", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/07/armed-citizen-hailed-hero-stopping-mass-shooter-three-dead/", "text": "NORFOLK, Va.  A Virginia man is being hailed a hero after he single-handedly prevented a would-be mass shooter from potentially taking the lives of dozens of shoppers at the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk on Friday.\nThirty-four year-old Nicholas Bell  a native of the Hampton Roads area  had just finished eating lunch at California Pizza Kitchen and was on his way to his car when he encountered a man dressed in military fatigues brandishing a semi-automatic AR-15-style assault rifle. Bell, who is licensed to carry a concealed weapon in the Commonwealth of Virginia, quickly drew his .45 caliber Glock pistol and fired nine rounds, striking and instantly killing the gunman and two nearby shoppers.\nNorfolk police say that if it werent for Bells quick thinking in the face of immediate danger, far more people may have lost their lives. We could very likely have a mass casualty situation on our hands, Detective Bryce Lewis told 13News Now, a local ABC affiliate. Mr. Bell is a hero in the truest sense, Detective Lewis concluded.\nBell later told 13News Now that he earned his licence to carry a concealed handgun after successfully completing an online training course just two weeks ago. Best thirty-five bucks I ever spent, Bell remarked. The former high school track star said that until Friday, he had never fired a gun in his life. Heck, I just bought this thing last weekend, he told 13News Now.\nAccording to police, the alleged gunman, twenty-eight year-old Mohammad Schultz of Portsmouth, Virginia, was found carrying a laminated card which identified him as a Life Member of the National Rifle Association. In addition, a number of brochures and paraphernalia advocating for Second Amendment rights were found in the suspects vehicle, Detective Lewis added. Authorities have yet to determine what motive, if any, the suspect might have had.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NORFOLK, Va. - A Virginia man is being hailed a hero after he single-handedly prevented a would-be mass shooter from potentially taking the lives..."}
{"published_time": "2015-06-01T07:06:54+00:00", "title": "NSA Shuts Down Domestic Surveillance Apparatus", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/06/nsa-shuts-down-domestic-surveillance-apparatus-as-patriot-act-expires/", "text": "FORT MEADE, Md.  At approximately 7:44 p.m. Sunday night, the National Security Agency pulled the plug on its controversial domestic surveillance program. Ruled unconstitutional and illegal by a federal appeals court, the program, based on Section 215 of the Patriot Act, allowed for massive meta-data collection of millions of Americans phone records.\nHours before the scheduled shutdown of its surveillance program, in a rare public relations move, the NSA invited a select group of journalists, including this reporter and CNN contributor Paul Begala, on a heavily restricted tour of its headquarters in Fort Meade to witness, firsthand, the end of its meta-data collection operation.\nJoined by other members of the media, I arrived at NSA headquarters shortly after 6 p.m. Sunday and was promptly greeted by a smiling Admiral Michael S. Rogers, Director of the National Security Agency. Over coffee and donuts, Rogers gave us a brief history of the NSAs mission before turning us over to Jacob Hersch, who headed the department responsible for collecting Americans phone data. Hersch, like Rogers, was all smiles as he told us the NSA was just happy to finally be in compliance with U.S. law and that, beginning Monday, the agency will turn over a new leaf and enter an age of government transparency.\nFollowing a scripted and well-choreographed tour of the facility, we were escorted to a service elevator which Hersch said would take us to a ultra-secure level where the domestic spying program was run. Upon exiting the elevator we were met with a brief security checkpoint before descending down two flights of stairs and up a third, at which point we reached a solid white door bearing the inscription Restricted Access  Meta-Data Collection Center. The door unlocked with a loud click after Hersch used a retinal scanner embedded in the wall to confirm his identity.\nThe NSAs Meta-Data Collection Center is a solid white room about half the size of a high school gymnasium. The floors, appearing to be well-polished linoleum, further add to the feel of a sterilized atmosphere. The room is filled with rows upon rows of jet-black servers which, Hersch informed us, contain intimate details regarding millions of Americans phone activity. Near the back of the room, centered between two rows of quietly humming servers, sits a single computer terminal, which, upon close inspection, Paul Begala noted is a 2005 Dell Dimension. Displayed prominently on the monitor are the words Meta-Data Collection Center Operations Hub.\nBeyond the computer terminal, on the far wall, is a remarkably large red button encased in glass and, stenciled in large black lettering just above it, is the word OFF. At 7:40 p.m. Hersch announced that the NSA would terminate the data collection program sixteen minutes ahead of the scheduled 8 p.m. shutdown. Then, at exactly 7:44 p.m., Hersch, using a small baton, broke the glass surrounding the red button before firmly striking it with the palm of his hand. An eerie silence fell over the room as the NSAs controversial domestic spying program came to an abrupt end.\nThe silence was unexpectedly broken by a familiar popping sound, which turned out to be the uncorking of a champagne bottle held by Director Rogers, who had quietly entered the room moments before shutdown. Rogers poured himself, Mr. Hersch, and each journalist a glass of champagne before offering a toast to freedom. Then, quite unexpectedly, the Director of the National Security Agency and his subordinate, Mr. Hersch, began to sing America the Beautiful in its entirety as I and other members of the media looked on with a mixture of confusion and awe.\nFollowing the ceremony, and prior to our departure from NSA headquarters, each member of the media was presented with a gift bag bearing the official seal of the National Security Agency. Upon closer inspection, the bags were found to contain a bottle of Poland Spring water, a granola bar, an apple, an RFID chip, and a pamphlet detailing each respective member of the medias movements over the last 72 hours, complete with satellite imagery.\nPresident Obama expressed deep concern Friday afternoon regarding the expiration of the USA Patriot Act. During a press conference, the President said Congress inability to renew the authorities granted under the Patriot Act puts the United States in danger and for a certain period of time, those authorities go away and suddenly we are dark, and heaven forbid, weve got a problem where we could have prevented a terrorist attack or apprehended someone who was engaged in dangerous activity. Congress is expected to renew some of the provisions detailed in the Patriot Act later this week.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "U.S. News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "At approximately 7:44 p.m. Sunday night, the National Security Agency pulled the plug on its controversial domestic surveillance program."}
{"published_time": "2015-11-20T22:31:49+00:00", "title": "Wikileaks Releases JFK Assassination Docs on 52nd Anniversary", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2015/11/wikileaks-to-release-jfk-assassination-docs-on-52nd-anniversary/", "text": "LONDON, Eng.  Wikileaks has obtained a treasure trove of classified documents related to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, founder Julian Assange announced from the Ecuadorian Embassy Saturday.\nThe documents are said to shed light on the planning and execution of the assassination, which took place in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. When we first received these documents, they contained explosive new details, Assange told The Guardian,adding, The world will finally know the true face behind this atrocious attack.\nWikileaks provided select news organizations, includingThe Guardian andReal News Right Now,with an advanced media packet containing highlights from the classified archives.\nForged documents created by the KGB listed the assassin, a Russian national, as arriving in the United States in 1920 at the young age of fifteen. However, according to CIA documents included in the Wikileaks bundle, the assassin first arrived in the United States in 1941 where he opened a clothing alteration service in downtown Dallas.\nPrior to his arrival in the U.S., the individual, who is identified frequently by name throughout the classified documents, was among the top KGB operatives in the Soviet Union at the time. Proficient in several languages, he was able to assimilate himself into American culture and had keen knowledge of advanced engineering techniques.\nUtilizing that knowledge, the assassin was able to modify an 8mm Bell & Howell Zoomatic Director Series Model 414-PD camera to fire a 6.5x52mm bullet, the same type of round that killed JFK, while still being able to record video. Following proof of death, the assassin received a payment of $1 million, the equivalent of $7.8 million by todays standards, from the Soviet government.\nReal News Right Now reached out to Russian and United States government officials regarding both the leaked documents and the JFK assassination, however both nations declined to comment.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Wikileaks has obtained a \"treasure trove\" of classified documents related to the JFK assassination, founder Julian Assange told The Guardian..."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-01T10:00:45+00:00", "title": "Ashton Kutcher Opens Up on Being Held Captive by Colombian Rebels", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/ashton-kutcher-opens-held-captive-colombian-rebels/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  In an exclusive interview with Entertainment Tonight, actor and producer Ashton Kutcher opened up on his time in captivity at the hands of Colombian rebels. The six-month ordeal began in early February of 2001 when Kutcher, along with the entire cast and crew ofThat 70s Show,were hiking along the Magdalena river in western Colombia.\nIt was supposed to be a spiritual retreat, Kutcher, who portrayed Michael Kelso onThat 70s Show, toldETs Sophie Schillaci. One minute were walking along this serene landscape and the next thing we know, these men  who we initially thought were Colombian soldiers  come pouring out of the woods and theyre pointing guns at us. Much to the groups dismay, the men, it turned out, were in fact not soldiers but members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC.\nKutcher and his fellow cast members were immediately stripped of their belongings and forced at gunpoint to march more than fifty miles into the dense Colombian rain forest. We arrived at their camp just after sunset, the thirty-eight year-old former fashion model recalled. The camp, which consisted of a little more than a dozen huts with thatched roofs, a landing strip and a shooting range, would become the actors home for the next six months.\nIt was hard at first, Ashton admitted, but we had to learn to make the best of a bad situation. To pass the time, Kutcher and his fellow cast members wound up filming Season Four ofThat 70s Show on a rudimentary set constructed under the watchful eyes of their militant captors. We had a FARC member act as a stand-in for Tommy Chongs character in two of the later episodes, The Ranch starrevealed. Kutcher went on to explain that Chong  a Canadian American comedian who portrayed Leo Chingkwake  was forced to spend two weeks in the hole after a failed escape attempt.\nLess than forty-eight hours after wrapping up post production on Season Four, Ashton Kutcher and fellow cast members Mila Kunis (Jackie), Danny Masterson (Hyde), and Kurtwood Smith (Red Forman), overpowered their captors and banded together to escape the FARC camp. In the ensuing chaos, the cast and crew ofThat 70s Show found themselves pitted in a ninety-six hour gun battle against FARC forces in the remote mountains of Colombia.\nIt was an incredible bonding experience, said Kutcher, who described a moment of intense clarity when co-star Topher Grace, who portrayed Eric Forman on the show, commandeered a helicopter whileParenthood star Erika Christensen, who appeared in Episode 10 as Stacy, cut down wave after wave of charging FARC soldiers with a mounted machine gun.\nOn the third day of fighting, a small group led by actors Danny Masterson and Mila Kunis destroyed a column of advancing FARC vehicles using rocket-propelled grenades and remotely detonated shape charges which had been covertly planted along the road the night before by Debra Jo Rapp (Kitty Forman). That was a real turning point for us, Kutcher remarked. Hours later, the group miraculously managed to cross the border into Panama where they were promptly flown back to Los Angeles in time for the premiere of Season Four ofThat 70s Show.\nIn June of this year, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) signed a historic ceasefire agreement with the Colombian government after nearly four years of talks in Havana, Cuba. The ceasefire, which went into effect at midnight on Monday, brought a somber end to the bloody conflict that left more than 260,000 dead and millions internally displaced.That 70s Show aired from August 23, 1998 until May 18, 2006 on Fox.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "In an exclusive interview with Entertainment Tonight, actor and producer Ashton Kutcher opened up on his time in captivity at the hands of Colombian rebels."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-20T15:44:25+00:00", "title": "Sanders: There Aren't Enough Jewish Delis in Washington, D.C.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/bernie-sanders-there-arent-enough-jewish-delis-in-washington-d-c/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C. Bernie Sanders had some choice words for Washington on Wednesday. The Vermont senator and Democratic presidential candidate sharply criticized the nations capital over what he called a distinct lack of diversity. You walk around Washington, D.C. and whats the first thing you notice? Sanders asked, continuing, They dont have a single Jewish deli within walking distance of the White House.\nTo make matters worse, Senator Sanders said that according to Google Maps, the closest deli, DGS Delicatessen, is purportedly a fifteen minute walk from the White House. But they dont take into account the amount of time you spend at the cross walk waiting for a walk signal or  god forbid  they have construction and the sidewalks closed and you have to find another route.\nSanders said if elected, he plans to introduce legislation that would allow a Jewish deli to occupy the space currently leased to Old Ebbitt Grill. Often referred to as D.C.s oldest dining salon, Old Ebbitt Grill is situated on 15th Street just a stones throw from the White House.\nIn Manhattan you can toss a bottle out your car window and hit at least five Jewish delis before the bottle breaks, Sanders said before adding he doesnt condone littering. The point is: you have four eateries within a two-minute walk from the White House and not one of them caters to the Jewish community. Its appalling that in 2016 we still have to trek halfway across town for a decent pastrami sandwich.\nOn Tuesday, the Brooklyn native lost his home states Democratic primary to his rival, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton. Sanders loss in New York is being viewed by many as a potentially devastating blow to his campaign. Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Clinton camp, voiced concern that Sanders could end becoming a Ralph Nader-type who could inadvertently help Donald Trump win the presidential election by deflecting votes from Mrs. Clinton.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. - Bernie Sanders sharply criticized the nation's capital over what he called a \"distinct lack\" of diversity."}
{"published_time": "2017-01-13T09:19:21+00:00", "title": "Mexico Agrees to Pay for New Partition in White House Bathroom", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/01/mexico-agrees-pay-new-partition-white-house-bathroom/", "text": "MEXICO CITY, Mex.  The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with the incoming Trump administration to cover the costs of a new partition that will be placed between two urinals in a staff restroom near the Oval Office.\nTrump will have his wall and Mexico will pay for it, declared Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto during a press conference at the National Palace in Mexico City on Friday. The powder coated steel partition will set Mexico back by an estimated 2,617.20 pesos  the equivalent of about $120  and will allow the new Commander-in-Chief to use the White House restroom without fear of his male colleagues catching a glimpse of his whatever parts.\nPresident Nieto said the Trump administration had initially insisted on a diamond studded twenty-four carat gold bathroom partition similar to what the President-elect has in the master bathroom of his opulent Manhattan penthouse. Nieto said administration officials sought to make the Mexican government aware that the dividing walls price-tag of $1.8 million represented a small fraction of the cost of the wall which Trump has vowed to build between the U.S. and Mexico.\nAccording to sources in both the U.S. and Mexico, negotiations over the White House restrooms partition began shortly after President-elect Trumps controversial visit to Mexico back in August of 2016. When it became clear that Mexico wasnt going to pay for the border wall, the attitude became, Well, if we cant make them pay for the wall, were going to make them pay for a wall, a senior Trump adviser with firsthand knowledge of the negotiations told The Washington Post.\nWith President-elect Trumps inauguration less than eight days away, the announcement by Mexico that it will foot the bill for the White House bathroom partition is being viewed by many in Washington as an olive branch offered by President Enrique Pea Nieto at a time when diplomatic relations between the United States and other nations have become increasingly tense.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "MEXICO CITY, Mex. - The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with the incoming Trump administration to cover the costs of a new partition..."}
{"published_time": "2016-11-03T14:10:12+00:00", "title": "Podesta Emails Shed Light on Clinton's High-End Amazon Purchases", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/11/podesta-emails-shed-light-clintons-high-end-amazon-purchases/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A seemingly run-of-the-mill email exchange uncovered in Wikileaks most recent release of hacked Podesta emails sheds light on the staggering extent of former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clintons frivolous spending habits on Amazon and other web-based retail outlets.\nThis is beyond anything weve ever seen, political analyst and former Republican strategist H. Roman Brewer told MSNBCs Brian Williams on Thursday. Brewer and his team have spent the last week combing through thousands of Amazon confirmation emails that were forwarded by Hillary Clinton to campaign chair John Podestas email account. In 2015, Mrs. Clinton spent more than $340,000 on cat grooming products and accessories alone, said Brewer. The frightening thing is she doesnt have an Amazon Prime account so shes gotta be paying through the roof on shipping costs.\nHowever, Mrs. Clintons extraneous spending isnt limited to cyber purchases. According to a set of overlooked emails included in Wikileaks March 2016 release, the Clintons used funds from their non-profit foundation to have the basement of their multi-million dollar home in Chappaqua, New York, carpeted with sisal fabric  a material associated with cat scratching posts  and outfitted with wall-to-wall cat jungle gyms. Completed in April of 2015, just days before Clinton announced her bid for the presidency, the $1.8 million basement renovations included a 2,4000 square-foot living space meant to accommodate more than three dozen cats.\nBill and Hillary have gone to great lengths to keep their pets out of the public eye, explained Bob Wagner, a private investigator hired in 2007 by the Edwards campaign to look in to the Clintons private life. They stopped registering their pets with the state of New York after Bill left office in 2001, Wagner told The Washington Examiner.\nWagner and others have raised speculation over whether the secrecy surrounding the Clintons house pets could be due to the possibility that the felines have been used as a form of payment for services rendered by the Clinton Foundation. A string of emails between John Podesta and Huma Abedin seem to suggest as much, said H. Roman Brewer. There was some discussion about a recent gift from the state of Qatar in the form of three ashera cats. The custom-bred house cats have been known to fetch upwards of $125,000 a piece.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "A seemingly run-of-the-mill email exchange uncovered in Wikileaks' most recent release of hacked Podesta emails sheds light on the staggering extent of...."}
{"published_time": "2016-04-04T12:51:25+00:00", "title": "Clinton Staffer: Hillary Wont Debate Sanders Due to Candidate's B.O.", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/04/clinton-staffer-hillary-wont-debate-sanders-due-to-candidates-profound-b-o/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign told CNNs Brooke Baldwin on Monday that the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential candidate has qualms about appearing at a live debate with Bernie Sanders due to the senators distinctive body odor.\nMrs. Clinton suffers from a rare disorder that causes an inflammation in her olfactory receptor neurons, which  in laymans terms  means her sense of smell remains at a significantly heightened state, explained Eric Bock, a senior strategist for the Clinton campaign. Bock cited Sanders unkempt image as a likely cause for the candidates putrid body odor, adding that in the past, Clinton has resorted to shoving cotton balls up her nose in order to endure extended appearances with the senator.\nBock said the possibility of a future debate with Sanders rests entirely on whether or not the Vermont senator responds to repeated requests from the Clinton campaign to submit to a brief pre-debate hygiene test meant to ensure Sanders meets Clintons strict standards of cleanliness. Presently, weve yet to receive a response from the Sanders camp, said Bock.\nClintons senior campaign strategist later told CNN that the request itself is not unique. Mrs. Clinton demands the highest levels of cleanliness in all aspects of her life, Bock said, continuing, Prior to her arrival at an event, every surface must be thoroughly cleaned with unscented disinfectant; carpets and floors are to be shampooed and polished; heating an air conditioning vents need to be inspected for dust; even her Secret Service detail is restricted to unscented deodorant which must be approved before use.\nMichael Briggs, a spokesman for Bernie Sanders presidential campaign has accusedHillary Clinton of playing silly political games and sidestepping opportunities to debate with the Vermont senator in the coming weeks. In a statement released Sunday, Briggs said he hoped the Clinton campaign would accept a request to debate on April 10, one of four dates proposed by the Sanders camp ahead of New Yorks primaries. Briggs, however, failed to address Sanders body odor as well as repeated requests from the Clinton camp to mask it.\nAs of Monday, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton remained ahead in the polls, holding steady at 49.8% according toThe Huffington Post. Meanwhile, Vermont senator Bernie Sanders was not far behind at 42.7%.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2013 A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign told CNN\u2019s Brooke Baldwin on Monday that the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential candidate has qualms about appearing at a live debate with Bernie Sanders due to the senator\u2019s \u201cdistinctive\u201d body odor. \u201cMrs. Clinton suffers from a rare disorder that causes an inflammation in \u2026"}
{"published_time": "2016-09-13T10:07:48+00:00", "title": "Doc: Clinton Tests Postive for High Levels of Dihydrogen Monoxide", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/doctor-says-clinton-has-extremely-high-levels-dihydrogen-monoxide-system/", "text": "NEW YORK, Ny.  Less than forty-eight hours after Hillary Clinton nearly collapsed while attempting to leave a ceremony in New York honoring the victims of the September 11, 2001 terror attacks, the Democratic presidential nominees personal physician revealed that Mrs. Clinton has been found to have extremely high levels of a chemical known as dihydrogen monoxide in her system.\nPrior to [Clintons] pneumonia diagnosis, we ran a series of tests to determine her overall health, Dr. Raymond Davis, Clintons primary care provider, said during an appearance onGood Morning America on Tuesday. What weve learned from those tests is that Mrs. Clintons body weight is currently made up of nearly 68% dihydrogen monoxide. The startling revelation comes at a time when Clinton has once again found herself in the spotlight for failing to disclose important details surrounding her health.\nLike the toxic chemical ricin, dihydrogen monoxide (DHMO) occurs naturally and can be found in a number of industrial products including pesticides, solvents, and Styrofoam. This is something that can have extremely adverse effects on the human body, Dr. Davis explained. When handled improperly, dihydrogen monoxide has the ability to inflict severe burns. Further, a study conducted by the World Health Organization shows an estimated 370,000 people are killed annually as a result of dihydrogen monoxide inhalation.\nThe question now is how on earth Secretary Clinton was able to ingest this much DHMO in the first place, questioned Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel. The obvious answer is this is yet another example of a complete and total lack of transparency on part of the Clinton campaign, Siegel continued. And to pull a stunt of this magnitude on the anniversary of 9/11; I cant think of a bigger insult to the American people.\nMeanwhile, Dr. Raymond Davis told Good Morning America that his office was specifically asked by Clintons campaign manager not to leak the DHMO report to the media. It was my decision to circumvent the Hippocratic Oath on this one, Dr. Davis said, adding, The public deserves to know the truth.\nThis isnt the first time dihydrogen monoxide has made headlines. In 2007, the Australian parliament made an unsuccessful attempt to ban international use of the chemical after DHMO was revealed to be a major contributor to the greenhouse effect. More recently, in August of 2016, Washington, D.C.s Department of Public Works noted in a quarterly report that dangerously high levels of dihydrogen monoxide are present in the Districts water supply.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Politics", "content_type": "article", "desc": "NEW YORK, Ny. - Less than forty-eight hours after Hillary Clinton nearly collapsed while attempting to leave a ceremony in New York honoring the victims..."}
{"published_time": "2016-09-07T10:30:50+00:00", "title": "White House Says Uncontacted Amazonian Tribe Has Been Radicalized", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/09/white-house-says-uncontacted-amazonian-tribe-may-radicalized/", "text": "WASHINGTON, D.C.  President Barack Obama, who is in Laos attending the ASEAN Summit this week, convened his National Security Council via secure video on Wednesday to weigh options for military intervention in the Bolivian rain forest where U.S. intelligence officials say an uncontacted Amazonian tribe may have become radicalized.\nIn a statement released by the White House early Wednesday morning, National Security Advisor Susan Rice said credible intelligence obtained by U.S. assets operating in the region suggests high-ranking leaders of the Yanaigua tribehave deciphered a copy of the Quran which may have been inadvertently dropped by a hiker more than thirty years ago.\nThe threat these individuals pose to the national security of the United States has never been more grave, Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper said while speaking at a foreign policy conference in Washington this week. This is a group that is extremely proficient in guerrilla tactics and jungle-based warfare, Director Clapper said before adding that the Yanaigua tribe is made up almost entirely of military-aged males.\nAccording to an intelligence report obtained byThe Washington Post, the Yanaigua, who number in the high one hundreds, are believed to spend the vast majority of their time hunting and gathering. However, as to what exactly the Yanaigua are gathering, Clapper has said U.S. officials just dont know.\nThe worry is theyre gathering materials to construct a weapon of mass destruction which they intend to detonate in a major U.S. city, an intelligence official speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press toldThe Post.The official said that in late July, the CIA had attempted to use a reconnaissance drone to get a closer look at the Yanaiguas activities but had to pull out when tribe members began hurling spears at it.\nWere well past the point of negotiations, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) told C-SPAN. The Kentucky senator, who has been known to criticize President Obama for being soft on Islamic extremism, said Republican congressional leaders are calling on the Obama administration to authorize a sea-launched cruise missile strike on the Yanaigua. This isnt about the presidents legacy, this is about preserving American lives, McConnell charged.\nAmid rising tensions on Capitol Hill over what should be done about the growing threat of Islamic extremism in Bolivia, President Obama told reporters on Wednesday that he is ready to take the gloves off in South America. This is not something that can be brushed aside and left for the next administration to deal with, Obama said, adding, The time for action is now.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nOk if they are throwing spears how can they gather thing for a bomb wouldnt they have guns to shoot at drones not chunking spears what can a tribe of people that wears loin clothes possibly do to the united states\nReally? They shot arrows at the helicopter. They do not understand technology yet they are creating wmds?\nSo a tribe of half naked, arrow shooting, technologically ignorant people who have never had contact with the outside world is a threat to national security?\nThe only threat they pose is that their oral tradition greatly poses a direct conflict with history as it is told.\nBut there is another secret that the government does not want you to know. They have proof.\nThis has got to be fake news no way that tribe wants to hurt us we should leave them be and find someone one else to invade. asshole\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "World News", "content_type": "article", "desc": "President Barack Obama convened his National Security Council on Wednesday to weigh options for military intervention in the Bolivian rain forest..."}
{"published_time": "2016-02-14T12:44:29+00:00", "title": "Kanye: Taylor Swift Sent 'Armed Commandos' to My House", "url": "http://realnewsrightnow.com/2016/02/kanye-taylor-swift-sent-armed-commandos-to-my-house/", "text": "LOS ANGELES, Ca.  Kanye West and Taylor Swift are at it again. The latest spat between the two comes on the heels of last Thursdays scuffle, which began during the launch party for his latest album, The Life of Pablo, when Kanye dropped a verse from the track Famous,in which he insinuates Taylor Swift ought to have sex with him because he made her famous.\nAs expected, Ms. Swift did not take kindly to being name-dropped. She promptly issued a strongly worded statement through her publicist condemning Mr. Wests actions and accusing him of promoting misogyny. Later, Swifts brother uploaded a video to Instagram that depicted him throwing a pair of Yeezeys -a brand of designer shoes created by Mr. West, into a garbage bin.\nAs if that werent enough, shortly after 4 p.m. Saturday evening -according to West and the Los Angeles Police Department, two teams of twelve men wearing commando gear laid siege to the West-Kardashian compound. The first team arrived mere seconds before the other and rappelled from a helicopter onto the roof of Kanye and Kims $20 million mansion. Meanwhile the second team crashed through the complexs wrought-iron gates aboard two heavily armored black Chevy Tahoes.\nSecurity footage obtained by TMZ shows the commandos smashing the second-story plate-glass windows before hurling stun grenades and tear gas into the West-Kardashian residence. Meanwhile, Kanye, who was reportedly holed up in his lavish master bedroom engaged in a three-way Skype session with Kim and Rob Kardashian, incorrectly believed the commandos were affiliated with BET. Theyre here for my Humanitarian Award! A clearly flustered Kanye is said to have told Rob, having to shout in order to make himself heard amid the sounds of incoming machine gun fire.\nIt was then, according to the Grammy-winning rapper, that heavily armed gunmen used a battering ram to break down the ornate oak doors leading into his sprawling sleeping quarters. Seconds later, Kanye told TMZ, he was pistol-whipped in the face and sent flailing backwards into his $175,000 diamond-encrusted California King bed. Meanwhile, his masked assailants hovered over him -some pointing guns in his face. One of them, whom Kanye described as being particularly menacing, thrust a satellite phone into the rappers quivering hands.\nKanye admitted he was shocked to hear none of than Taylor Swift on the other end of the satphone. She said, Kanye, enough is enough! And she hung up, recalled West. I was like, Who the f*** this b**** think she is?' However, despite extensive damage to his home -including the loss of Kanyes three-hundred year-old petrified pineapple, a priceless heirloom passed down through six generations of Wests, the rapper said he has no intention of filing charges against Ms. Swift.\nR. Hobbus J.D. is an internationally acclaimed independent investigative journalist specializing in international politics, health, business, science, conflict resolution, history, geography, mathematics, social issues, feminism, space travel, civil rights, human rights... more\nYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href=\"\" title=\"\"> <abbr title=\"\"> <acronym title=\"\"> <b> <blockquote cite=\"\"> <cite> <code> <del datetime=\"\"> <em> <i> <q cite=\"\"> <s> <strike> <strong> ", "section": "Entertainment", "content_type": "article", "desc": "Kanye West and Taylor Swift are at it again. The latest spat between the two comes on the heels of last Thursday's scuffle."}